Nigel Tranter is not a historian but an awesome storyteller! And that's what i loved about this book!
Not so good as pillars of the earth! But there is a great effort in the end of the book to keep up as a best seller. The secret in the end was unexpectable!
A really usefull tool for writters who want to learn scottish tradition and family lines!
Five stars cause we love Scotland! The ethics of Scottish people are well presented in this adventure of Asterix and Ovelix.
I guess that it is the best novel I read this year!
Simply on my top 3 list of favourite books!
Simply the best management book I've ever read
3.5 to be honestI can't say that I enjoyed this as much as his other two books that I've read (Perfume & The Pigeon) but I did appreciate its philosophy and the way it depicts the withdrawal from achieving dreams that characterizes most people.
*I received an eARC from the publisher via Netgalley (thank you so much) in exchange for an honest review*"Everybody Don Kolomental" is a very interesting poetry collection focusing on themes of mental health issues, desperation, seeking meaning and the social circumstances that can cause people inmense problems and sadness!I really enjoyed the bitterness the poems about mental health expressed, as well as the feeling of need to get out of this horrible psychological place we sink in!The reason why I had to take a star out of my rating was a specific poem, "Guilty as Charged" which perhaps had a statement to make but made me feel very uncomfortable since it adressed the delicate subject of r*pe in a convicted-centric and not victim-centric manner. I just felt like it was a very bad example to use to comment on the issue of false and targeted accusations against innocent people for any crime. Also, in a few poems I felt like the poetry aspect, however modern - I don't mind that, got lost and it was more the author expressing thoughts in beautiful sentences rather than poetry.
For starters: I most certainly realise that this book isn't Leigh Bardugo's best work both writing and world-building wise. She has come a long way since this book, especially if you compare it to *heart eyes* the SoC trilogy, which is a YA fantasy masterpiece! However that didn't at all stop me from enjoying this book a whole lot! The world-building wasn't as beautifully developed and fleshed-out as in SoC but it was very interesting, special and absorbing. The characters were really interesting and the protagonist, Alina, went through quite a transformation throughout the book - still not my BFF, though. Mal was my fav, my cutie pie, my fictional crush and I don't get why you're all falling for the Darkling! Whatever happened to appreciation for cinnamon rolls? Do men need a snobish look, self-conceited manners and a very, very dark agenda to make it to y'all hearts, nowadays? Jk, I get it, I almost fell for it, too, but; Mal. Is. The. One! I'll agree with some readers on their point that there were quite a few cheesy scenes but they didn't annoy me, actually. It's not like the book was taking itself too seriously or anything, so they didn't surprise me. As for the plot, I have nothing negative to point out; it was just great. I'm definitely looking forward to getting to the other two book of the series, and if they got darker, I'd really love it!
This was absolutely amazing, heart-warming (even though it was immensely sad before Melissa could have her gradual, small victories), wholesome, just absolutely lovely and important and we need more middle-grade like this as well as more representation for trans young people! Alex Gino told this story in a way that can be easily approached and comprehended by people of all ages. I'm glad more diverse middle grade novels are getting more recognition and we need to keep seeing such representation more often. Melissa's story was so good to read, I felt so happy for her when she was happy, sad for her when people around her failed to even try to understand and respect her for who she is and wanted all the best for her throughout this lovely reading journey! Please spread the word about important books like this, please challenge and educate people who spread hate about such important stories! We need more stories like Melissa's!(Also; the audiobook for this was really good - I'd recommend checking it out in audiobook if that's your thing!)
Is this the finest piece of YA out there? I think so! And I'm prepared to justify so... First of all, as if the premise of the first book wasn't original, innovative and insanely intersting enough, Maggie just took it to a whole new level with this one. Like, omg. I can't even describe it. Perhaps exactly because she took a subject that is by definition indescribable; dreams and their world. And not only did she come up with it but she also managed to put it into words and write like 400 pages on it and create this masterpiece and, somehow, it made perfect sense. The idea of Ronan bringing back things from his dreams and being able to control the dream world worked out so beautifully. This isn't a book you read. It doesn't work on a subject you can perceive with your actual senses. It surpasses them. It's something you feel but not as in senses; as in sensations. It almost synaesthesial - if that's a word. Yes! That's it! This is the book to satisfy my synaesthesia! It's like those emotions you can only perceive while experiencing them, that only exist when they're there. They can't be in any vocabulary, they can't survive without your perception of them. They make themselves understood in colors, chills, random and unexplainable temperature changes, ringing in the ear, auras, brightness or absense of brightness, knots in the stomach, unjustified contractions of the muscle... But not in words. Just like the hazy, drousy feeling a dream leaves. That's what this book is. And Maggie Stiefvater managed to put it into words. One of the ways in which she managed this is the writing style. It gets so lyrical, poetic, magical, transporting. They aren't just words to fall in love with but also words to fall in love to. So many beautiful quotes. I can't even fit them all here. But they're - like all of this book - so dreamy! Now, onto the freaking terrific characters! The dynamics in their relationships are getting more impressive as they're tightening and becoming closer friends. Ok, there's also a lot of drama and fighting and their bonds are going through challenges but they just prove the true quality of their friendships. Also, the relationships between the characters begin to clear out as they start to take more definite directions. The only scene that nagged me as unnecessary and, honestly, a bit annoying was the (view spoiler)[Blue and Noah kiss. I mean, it just felt so unnecessary. Reading the book for a second time I thought maybe it was meant to be read more lightly or it was trying to point out how Blue could only have feelings for Gansey and how sad she was that she wasn't able to experience this kind of connection with him because of her curse but still I don't think we needed that to get how heartbreaking the romance between Blue and Gansey is (hide spoiler)]. However, that's just trivial. What matters is that this book is the most absorbing thing I've ever read and warmed my heart so damn much!
4.5 stars to be fair : ) Even though I admit that it was a bit slow at times, I found the thrilling and unique for its genre writing style to be pretty capturing. The plot twist at the end was great, especially considering that the author unravels the story in a way that makes you think 'Oh, man this is gonna be like the most predictable book of all time'
Oof, this book really took me by surprise. I knew nothing about its form and even knowing wouldn't help me at all, since this book is pretty hard to describe. It doesn't really fit into any category and it was unlike anything I had read before it. If you're expecting this to be a book with a plot, or even characters to follow... yeah, it's not that kind of thing. The cities described, as I saw it, were just constructions so the author could speak philosophically through the structure or story of each city. And that he did very beautifully and lyrically.
First of all, I have to say that I respect, appreciate and look up to the courage and the strengh the author had to address such serious, sensitive issues! However this doesn't fullfill the criteria to be called poetry. At least not to me. Beautifully written words that make great quotes? Yes. But they remind me of diary entries - they are feelings expressed in words (and they're good, I'm not saying they are not) but that isn't enough to make it poetry. Poetry is about something deeper and more unique than what I was able to find in this book. Also, some of the quotes - as I have chosen to call the contents of this book - were too similar to Tumblr posts and felt overused to me. And considering the hype that came with this book, I was expecting something more special! Therefore, I have to say that there's deeper, actual poetry out there that deserves more recognision!
Can't even begin to explain how absolutely well-written this story was! Moving and emotional when it had to, with gorgeous, lyrical writing and heartbreaking images that make you cry but also raw and tough when it needs to point out the insanity of war. Sweet and sensitive personal stories of lovely characters that had to go through hell. And the important part is that those things that we view as literature were happening. People had to go through them and some are still alive to tell the shocking stories. A magically-written outcry against war. I feel like this is one of those books that everyone needs to read to become just a little bit more human. So, so beautiful. I really have no words!
"The books that the world calls immoral are books that show the world its own shame." This book in a sentence - and, yes, a sentence coming from the book itself!If for some dystopian reason the world had to only keep the works of one author and there was an open election on it, I'd have to say: Oscar Wilde... Oscar Wilde is the man with whom we all have to walk through life and take lessons from!Everything about this book just screams perfection. It's the definition of world-changing literature and I think we should all take a minute every day to express gratitude that this book exists.Where do I even begin?Writing: So on point. Oscar Wilde's writing is probably one of the most special and memorable ones in classic literature. His smart character, his innovative way of thinking, his unbelievably genius way of expressing irony towards society's dull prudishness and wannabe "manners"; it almosts feels as if someone time-travelled from the present to the 19th century to point out the problematic parts of life in that period. The man was an absolute brilliance and he didn't deserve to be treated the way he was (*ugh*). But, back to the writing; it was just so absorbing. I wanted to dive in those words and never come out. So true and honest. The ugly, harsh reality of the world and life preached by the guy who had the guts to speak out about it in the most beautiful way possible. Pretty much half of the book was gorgeous, philosophical, wise quotes, you know, the kind you wanna put up on your wall. Some of my favorites:"I have grown to love secrecy. It seems to be the one thing that can make modern life mysterious or marvelous to us. The commonest thing is delightful if only one hides it.""Some things are more precious because they don’t last long.""Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing.""Children begin by loving their parents; as they grow older they judge them; sometimes they forgive them." And that was only a tiny fragment of the quotes I loved!Now, to the plot of the book: it's peculiar how a representative of the movement of aestheticism - an art movement that emphasizes on the aesthetic pleasure that art should provoke and not on the deeper meaning of the content - wrote a story that focuses so much on subjects of morality and leaves the reader's mind so troubled with thoughts. Obviously the book doesn't lack aestheticism; not at all. If anything, even the content of the plot, the importance given to beauty and pleasure instead of morality is the essence of aestheticism. The story has the readers wondering if they'd do the same if they were in Dorian's place, has them reflect on the importance they give to youth and appereance instead of inner beauty and just completely messes up their idea of morality.Honestly, I think it''l be hard for a book to amaze me with its balancing of gorgeous writing and genius plot and moral in the way 'The Portrait of Dorian Grey' did! Absolutely brilliant!
It is a novelization.I wouldn't go expecting anything mindblowing from a novelization.Therefore, there was no bad blood between us.Not the worst novelization out there, I guess. It was just ok. Unimpressive, mediocre, that's all. Liked how the huntsman's love and grief for his wife was presented, I guess. It was just a 'hmm', nothing else to see here!
Not my favorite thing I've ever read by Süskind, but still a very heartwarming, bittersweet tale of two different stages of life and the ways people try to manage getting through it.
“On a tiny planet that has been racing toward oblivion for millions of years, we are born amid sorrow; we grow, we struggle, we grow ill, we suffer, we make others suffer, we cry out, we die, others die, and new beings are born to begin the senseless comedy all over again.”What can I say about this incredible, short book that made its way to my hands completely out of the blue and made me feel like I was having a literary awakening, after a few months of reading good to great, but not mindblowing, books. It came in like fresh air, if fresh air was controversial and psychologically disturbing!I feel like this book is great for people who enjoyed the absolutely agonizing reading experience that is "The Stranger" by Albert Camus is because both stories have quite a similar pattern of a protagonist (that shows major toxic masculinity) who shares his controversial yet beautifully expressed thoughts regarding the world around him with the reader.In "The Tunnel", in particular, we start with our protagonist admitting in the first sentence that he murdered the woman "he loved" and then we are told the events that led to their affair and the femicide from the start. I found myself in a simiral situation as when reading "Lolita", in the sense that I found "The Tunnel" another book where some of the most beautiful quotes about romantic love I've ever read are actually the thoughts of an incredibly toxic, abusive man towards his victim and don't hide actual love behind them, only jealousy, obsession, exploitation and other disgusting motives. That's one way in which the book fascinated me since it felt so surreal and unorthodox to have the knowledge that the affair led to a femicide yet being taken away by how beautiful the quotes about love troughout the whole book were. Felt extra surreal and topical since I read it in a time where femicides in my country, Greece, were and still are a major problem threatening our society. As the narrator pretty much tries to prove to the reader that "he killed her because he loved her too much", the subject of the novel became too timely considering the same disgusting excuses we keep hearing covering up the atrocities of patriarchy, phallocracy and toxic masculinity and was actually a bit too hard to read at some points. However, I very much enjoyed how the book showed, as I perceived it, how things aren't what they seem, by making gorgeous quotes of love come out of the mouth of a possessive murderer. Also, this book deals a lot with existentialism, as we read the protagonist's thoughts about life, the essence of existence, the meaning of seemingly trivial events and the vanity of it all, creating a very interesting philosophical exploration.Anyways, point is, if you want your brain and inner peace messed up by a gorgeously-written piece of modern-classic literature, "The Tunnel" is the way to go!“Was our life nothing more than a sequence of anonymous screams in a desert of indifferent stars?”
Thank you to the publisher for providing me with a review e-arc through netgalley in exchange for an honest review!God, this hit me right in my damn heart-shaped box!I never expected to find a book about a teen girl in 1994 going on a road trip with the hope to end up meeting Kurt Cobain and when I bumped into this on netgalley I was absolutely mind-blown! Running away from home with a plan to go knock on Kurt Cobain's door sounds either like something no one would think of doing or like something only my absolutely Nirvana-obsessed mind would think of doing! I was super excited to dive into a book with such a heavy 90s punk-rock atmosphere and I was so rewarded!I absolutely adored the fact that the "grunge"/punk-rock Seattle 90s scene was depicted so well in this! The atmosphere seemed to be conveyed beautifully! All the pop culture references were so on-point and so was the fan-girling! As someone's whose favorite bands are Nirvana and Hole it was so incredible for me to see all these correct facts and references to not only these bands, but the whole music scene of that place and time, in general! I could relate to the main character's love for Kurt, Nirvana and the whole punk movement so hard and it was magical for me to be submerged in this setting! Especially, (view spoiler)[(this isn't really a spoiler, we all know Kurt died), the part when the protagonist received the news of Kurt's death and the memorial which they attented, with Courtney Love's speech being included in the chapter was a very emotional and intense moment, that I cried my eyes with and loved to read about (hide spoiler)]. In that sense, I think this was of the most "special" books I've ever read, considering the fact that the 'targeted audience' of it seemed to be me, as well as everyone else with a huge passion for the 90s punk scene, Kurt Cobain and Nirvana! It just felt so good to be able to get every reference, knowing exactly what the characters were talking about without needing any explanations, and having the facts ready in my head for every story told that related to that music scene! I wish there were more fiction books with that kind of setting which felt so comfortingly familiar for me! I also loved how the title of every chapter was a song, and listening to each designated song while reading each chapter made it an even more enjoyable experience! However, I would like to note that if you aren't a big fan of the grunge scene, it's quite possible that you'll find it difficult to enjoy this book; as a YA story it's not that gripping or special. The story of the runaway teen trying to cope with her family and personal problems was quite the cliché, told in a not that unique way and the protagonist was really hard to like and had quite an annoying behaviour throughout the whole book! Therefore, just as a YA story it didn't really excite me, but it was the special setting and the successful references and descriptions of the era that made the whole difference and offered me a very enjoyable "personalised" book!
*I received an eARC from the publisher via Netgalley in exchange for an honest review*Such a heartfelt collection on love, life's hardships & very important social issues! Oloyede Michael Taiwo puts his thoughts in extraordinary lyrics, ''dressing'' such heartbreaking and inspiring emotions in gorgeous and deeply descriptive words. With themes that both unsettle and soothe the reader, I think the variety of poems has something for every poetry lover! From poems about heartache and love to outcries against every kind of oppression, reading this was a really emotional ride. The poems I personally found most influential and touching were the ones bravely talking about the hardships of life in Nigeria and the ones embracing African culture. Especially those discussing white privilege and western exploitation and the ones reporting the violation of human rights and the danger that is SARS were not only incredibly powerful but educational, as well! There are also quite a few feminist gems that I highly appreciated and cherished! A very refreshing and moving debut collection!
Can't even begin to express how deep in my skin I felt this book! First of all, a big thumbs up to Elizabeth Acevedo for managing to make this story relatable for so many people in so many different levels. This story has it all. The lyrical writing - which can be appreciated even by readers who don't read poetry or aren't acquainted with books written in verse - doesn't make the plot any less powerful and vice versa. It's magical how such important issues that trouble teenagers worldwide got a voice as beautiful as Xiomara's heart-felt poetry to make them known. I feel like Xiomara's one of those characters whose skin you can get under. She's so well fleshed-out and realistic, speaking so genuinely yet with the shyly innocence teenagers have. I'm not claiming to be able to relate to Xiomara in terms of cultural rep, but I definitely felt her when it came to poetry. Being proud of writing something that is the best possible representation of your soul but feeling super uncomfortable about sharing it and super scared and insecure about whether it's artistically fine. The sigh of relief when you find the right people to appreciate your efforts and give you critical advice. The constant inner struggle to write something that both genuinely expresses how you feel and is lyrically beautiful,the wish to always become better, to write that one poem that will hold all of you in the most aesthetic way possiible. Oh, I felt this one. And obviously the scene where (view spoiler)[ Xiomara's mother burns her notebook killed me inside. It troubled my head, got me thinking how I'd feel if that part of my heart was into flames, whether I'd forgive Xiomara's mom if I was her (hide spoiler)]. So, so well fleshed-out. And, even though, the fact that (view spoiler)[Xiomara's mom gradually became a better person and they were able to have a healthy mother/daughter realtionship sounded quite unrealistic to me, I think it represents the really important message that, if you want to the change the way your life has turned out, cutting the roots isn't necessarily the way to do it. (hide spoiler)] In general, the representation of Xiomara's mom very strict parenting was so necessary in a YA literature that tends to present all teens as those kids whose parents let them get out of the house whenever they want, stay out all day and night, hang out wherever with whomever. Same goes with how a poor understanding of religion controls her life and causes her to treat her daughter like that. And, again, I just can't put in words how important I think this story is.
3.5 stars, I guessUgh, this book! I did get into it without real expectation since the synopsis warned me for a plot that could easily develop in a problematic way/representation if not handled carefully. But still I was frustrated when this book left me feeling very ''emm", ''hmm".Ok, on the one hand, the writing was quite good, much better from what I expected reading book based on a musical. So, yeah, the writing was quite nice and some of the quotes in it were pretty good, as well and did transfer a feeling of helplessness and sadness that the writer probably wanted to convey.But, on the other hand, I wasn't sure about the representation of mental illness in this one. Connor's thoughts seemed more realistic but the way Evan's mental illness and shyness were there one moment and just disappeared the other... yeah, that was not at all cool. His dark thoughts were realistic to a certain level but in all it wasn't handled well at all. It made it look like Evan's mental illness was present when his life was bad and just completely disappeared when things got well. That's not how it goes with mental illness: feeling awful doesn't mean your life and all the external factors making up your day are necessarily awful as well. Things could be great or gradually get great but that doesn't make you feel better, it isn't always enough to change your thought. Mental illness shouldn't be treated and written about as something that just goes away when life and luck start treating you well. In the same way, it felt like Evan was antisocial only when he was unpopular and when everyone knew him and wanted to talk to him he suddenly had no serious problem socializing. He was shy and afraid to talk only until he found out people liked him. Then he magically just wasn't socially awkward anymore. Yeah, trust me, that's not how it goes. All in all, even though it had its good moments, this book just didn't do it for me : (
That was an interesting one-sitting read, especially since I'm trying to make my way through all of Oscar Wilde's works! This, however, was not by far my favorite thing I've read by him; I felt like, even though his writing was quite on point, as always, it didn't serve those absolutely memorable quotes that are so characteristic of his. Also, another reason that contributed to me not enjoying this very much was how incredibly unlikeable and, well, straight-up absolutely idiotic the main character was! I wanted to hit my head against the wall seeing him make all those wrong decisions! I understand, however, that that was probably the point of the story!I certainly did appreciate the way this makes you contemplate fate, destiny and whether we can control it and change what we are "meant'' to do or have happen to us in this life!
Oh my Gosh, my relationship with this book needs some explaining, since I rarely read non-fiction and/or self-help books and this was a first for me!So, I personally considered all these non-fiction books about how to have a healthier relationship with phones, social media, internet etc to be quite boomer-ish and unable to help with addiction! And since I never had such problems, I hadn't really thought more on it or looked into it! However, earlier this year, during my second semester attending classes online because of the pandemic, I found myself using my phone more than ever, leading to really challenging effects in my everyday life. Apart from the standard 6 hours in front of my computer screen for classes, I found myself mindlessly scrolling on Instagram's "discover" page, when I had always been great at just taking a quick look through my feed and using it mostly to chat with friends. I went from half an hour at most daily, to even 4 hours daily, which really scared me. I was also spending a lot of time on TikTok and YouTube, watching videos I didn't even need to. This had never happened to me before so excessively, so I had truly freaked out, but no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't stop the mindless scrolling. And the worst was that this mostly occured late at night depriving me of needed sleep and rest. I had always been a bit of a late owl, but never stayed up just to scroll. My sleeping schedule got totally disrupted and I was barely getting any actual rest. I've never been the earliest bird and a lot of times I slept in 'till late in the mornings, but I never had trouble waking up right away in the morning when I had to. But since spending so much time on my phone and disrupting my rest because of it, I had so much trouble waking up. I was always rising almost immediately when I heard the alarm clock but those couple of months I couldn't get up no matter how hard I tried to convince myself to. I felt sleepy all day, wasn't even slightly productive, and let's not even mention how dried up and drained and just tired my eyes felt!So, I started thinking I definitely had to do something about this! I hadn't considered checking out books about it, though, and ironically enough, I bumped into this while - guess - mindlessly scrolling on Instagram, because the one and only god, Josh Radnor, underrated director/actor/musician/bibliphile and probably my favorite "celebrity" of all time, posted it on his story. I thought, well, if I was gonna consult a book about this, it might as well be Josh's recommendation. Therefore, I started this, with very low expectations and certainty that it'd feel boomer-ish and that I'd find it cringy! However, I soon discovered that it wasn't as bad nor as useless as I thought; not at all actually. Ok, so,obviously, this didn't do miracles, it didn't "cure" me, it didn't even actually tell me something I didn't already know (even though some facts about scientific research surrounding the subject were incredibly interesting), but, to be honest, I didn't feel as if it was trying to! What this book was great at was mostly its first half! It truly was great at freaking you out about the wrong use of your phone, why phones are made that way in the first place and the teribble effects of it all, without being austere or bossy! The enlightening facts were backed up by research and the conclusions were put in a smart and positively terrifying way!The second part on the other half, the 30-day programme of actually breaking up with your phone, didn't really do much for me, since I was never planning to go along with it. However, I did find a couple of useful tips from that part of the book as well!All in all, I'd say this book is quite useful not in helping you actually finding a way to break up with your phone, but rather in helping you realizethat it's time to find a way to break up with it yourself!
Leo Buscaglia being the biggest cutie pie and the best hugger and spreader of love for yet another book that absolutely made my day and warmed my heart!
*A call to both people who have read & adored this book and those who have hated it, I highly recommend listening to the "Lolita Podcast" by Jamie Loftus, which immaculately analyzes how our society has turned Nabokov's story of Dolores Haze into a "symbol" for the sexualization of underage/young girls. I think it's the most enlightening approach to this important subject.*“Life is short. From here to that old car you know so well there is a stretch of twenty, twenty-five paces. It is a very short walk. Make those twenty-five steps. Now. Right now. Come just as you are. And we shall live happily ever after.”Does this work of art need any more readers expressing their endless love and admiration for it? I think not. Am I going to try and put mine into words anyway? Oh, yes! Where do I even start? I'm going to make a disclaimer first because I can't stand having my bookish opinions assaulted by people every time I happen to express my love for Lolita in a conversation. Repeat after me: When someone likes Lolita, that doesn't mean they support or excuse or justify paedophilia (hebephilia to be more precise) and abuse. Now for the people behind the pop culture industry: Lolita is a serious piece of literature and should under no circumstances be used as a synonym for ''sugar baby" or for sexualizing young girls (and young girls must never be sexualized in the first place). Amen. Now that (hopefully) everyone has understood that, we can focus on the content of this misunderstood book. The most amazing thing Nabokov achieved in this book with his mesmerizing use of language is make you feel almost sympathy/empathy for a very unlikeable character. Humbert Humbert is shown as a sick and sly person that will use any means to achieve his twisted sense of happiness, he thinks highly of his own self although he fails to achieve all the things he's so sure of and that makes him even more detestable. Nabokov makes sure the reader gets all of those things and finds Humbert disgusting. However, the way Humbert uses english, through Nabokov of course, makes it really hard to stay focused on hating him the whole time. The most beautiful quotes about love, eros, admiration and devotion that I have ever read come from Humbert used in the context of his attempt to keep a 12 year-old in a sick and hopeless relationship with him. That shouldn't be right, but Nabokov's incredible, innovative writing style, poetic use of words and ability to create a mesmerizing aesthetic make it seem so full of sense. I swear, the lyrical writing is the most lovely I've ever come across and Nabokov's way with words finds a way into your heart so purely, even though the plot might convince you that that's impossible. Just trust me on this one so you can feed your soul and heart on the most beautiful (beautiful isn't strong enough, we need to invent a new word for beautiful and use it just to describe Nabokov's writing in Lolita) writing you'll ever read. It will just conquer your heart in the most devastating way possible!
*Thank you to NetGalley for this ARC in exchange for an honest review.“a crucified man condemned us all”An absolutely gorgeous poetry collection about the way western "civilization" messed up the world, but also about desire, hurt, lust, the need to love and the wish to be loved back, through some really outstanding lyrics. Feel like this is one of the poetry collection that came out in 2021 that really stood out to me!“abandoning the livingknowing it's the dead that teach us how to count”
*I received an eARC from the publisher via Netgalley (thank you so much!) in exchange for an honest review*Oof, I was so disappointed by this book! The poems felt quite pretentious for some reason and they gave me a boomer-ish vibe! Apart from motherhood, they focused a lot on religion, and not just on faith, in a way that made them feel like they were pressuring me, a reader who isn't so much into religion.Also, the lyrics were mostly too simple and didn't blow me away neither did they feel super original!
Now that's a book I didn't expect to enjoy as much I did! At first I thought it was gonna be one of those super cheesy romances that lack any sense, but turns out this was very cute and just innocent. Of course it doesn't have a mindblowing plot or the most exceptional writing, but it has that nice simplicity and the kind of human relationships you do see out in the real world - except for the love triangles and the fake dating thing. But it was just a book of first world problems that first world people can find relatable and it's how usual people really speak and get mad at each other for no obvious reasons. It seemed like a realistic group of personalities whose lives you could easily follow and have a realistic insight on. What I did find a bit annoying was how Lara Jean's family seemed so privileged and never had to think about money. All these costly situations and things were mentioned and the protagonists seemed to not think about them at all and were just spending money every other day.All in all, it was a very enjoyable, super cute read and hopefully there won't be any weird unnecessary love triangles in the next two books. Can't wait to go on with the series!
As a person who has read both Stephen King and Alexandros Papadiamantis I got to say Papadiamantis, and "The Murderess" in particular is so much creepier!I enjoyed this novella so much! Papadiamantis' writing absorbed me and, as in all of his work, the focus on the struggles of everyday people in small Greek communities of the late 19th/early 20th century created a very interesting setting. The plot of "The Murderess" kept me quite on the edge of my seat and her thoughts along with the immaculate descriptions were very creepy and atmospheric, allowing me to perfectly immerse in the story.Also, the conversation around morality and the place of women in past societies that this book sparks is very intriguing and makes the story itself even better!Would definitely recommend giving this a chance, even though it might scare you as the "tiring assigned reading", it's really worth it!
*Thank you to NetGalley for an e-ARC of this book in exchange for my honest review.This is a story of mirrors, or what happenswhen you bring the mirror back from the deadand when you look in it,you see yourself eating yourselfAlright, so I can't possibly explain to you how much I adored the heck of a wild ride that is this book and how much the crazy of these poems vibed with my crazy! I mean, just WOW! This felt like a fever dream, a roller-coaster ride, a lyrical feast, a surreal theatrical performance, a series of thoughts that moved my synaesthesia in extremely unpredictable ways, all of those things in the best way possible!What do I even talk about first? The way the author perfectly connects her past and her heritage with modern themes? The absolutely needed queerness that warmed my heart and made my soul so happy? How incredibly innovative and unlikely anything one could ever read or perceive the idea of the zombie-Selena was? How real and personal even the most absent-minded of descriptions felt?One of my favorite poetry collections I read in 2021 and definitely one of the most underrated poetry collections that came out in 2021 as well!God, I can't even put into words how original and cool this felt! Just... WOW!
Took me a while to pick this book up from my tbr, but, in the end, I am delighted I decided to finally check it out! Plot and world-building wise it was a big surprise for me since I don't tend to read this kind of fantasy (I believe it is actually categorized as a western with fantasy elements, although the fantasy elements do stick out very strongly), but I ended up really enjoying this story. It moved quite fast (especially the second half of it) and the plot twists/really rapid turns of events towards the end make it a page-turner. The world-building was very intriguing with a lot of mythology entangled and all sorts of supernatural creatures! I liked how the writing was getting quite gruesomish in some more bloody scenes but what I loved most about it were the plethora of feminist quotes throughout the story! As for the representation, we got a lot to talk about! The main character is half-black/half-native, non-binary & bi, which is in itself really, really awesome, especially for a book published in 2014 and not in more recent years when the fight for rep in books has gotten "louder". However, we do have some potential issues within this particular rep! Before we get more into my thoughts on that, I have to say I'm not the one to judge the rep in this book and I would suggest you check out a review by a person of color/Native/non-binary/trans reviewer, instead! First, we have the very talked-about issue of whether a (as far as I know and please correct me if I'm mistaken) white cis woman should write a half-black/half-Native & non-binary protagonist! Again, that is not a subject for me to judge as another white cis woman, but I'm just pointing out so you can keep it in mind! So, as for the black or Native rep, even though I didn't find anything problematic in it, I'm not one to talk! So, again, I'm suggesting you check out other reviews. As for the non-binary rep, however, I ... have quite some questions! The author (in the Q&A at the end of the book) says Nettie is trans! But throughout the book Nettie seemed actually non-binary. To be more precise, the impression given off at first was the she didn't want to be a woman because of how bad her place in society as a woman was and she was disguising as a boy to be able to work and live properly! Further into the story she seemed to actually feel more comfortable identifying as male. However, her thoughts were never really clear, probably since she was herself questioning! But, all in all, I'm not sure whether the most suiting way to describe Nettie is as 'trans' and perhaps terms like 'non-binary' and 'queer' would be more appropriate. However, again I'm not the one to judge any of this, so head over to another review! Overall, a very enjoyable badass story!
Thank you to the publisher for providing me with a review e-arc through netgalley in exchange for an honest review!Oof, I feel really bad about how this book turned out! The first few pages started off really well, being very empowering and validating about how you don't have to have everything figured out, how you're still bi even if you have a preference, even if you have never been in a relationship, how you're always valid as a bi person in general... and then this went on to throw pansexuality under the bus, and by throwing pansexuality under the bus I mean making some very panphobic and just wrong comments that I really hated seeing! Had to DNF
I almost peed my pants but the plot twist was kinda worth it1. I am 100% honest when I'm telling you I had to read this book with the lights on and that I freaked out in numerous parts BUT I can't explain why in the world that happpened to me! Even though I'm not an avid horror/mystery-thriller reader, I have read more creepy books and definitely have watched much more scary movies, so I can't even explain why Home Before Dark terrified me. The writing wasn't anything that extraordinary either, so it's not like that scared me. I mean, Stephen King's writing hasn't scared me at all and this thing did: what is the problem with me?Anyways, conclusion: it did manage to creep me out, even though I found the writing to be quite unimpressive and most of the "ghost/haunting" scenes were quite cliché. 2. The plot, however, and the quest to find out whether the house was actually haunted or if it was just a well-played con was quite interesting, especially during the second half of the book. The switching between the two POVS, the father's book and Maggie's preseconxnt, was also vey cool. I liked how the ending was one of those with the consecutive plot twists, like the first revelation that doesn't sound quite right and would be too predictable to be it and then a bunch of continual plot twists one being more impressive than the other.To sum things up, I had a fun time reading this book and since it's the only Riley Sager book I've read, I'd like to check out the rest of his books soon.
*I received an eARC from the publisher via Netgalley in exchange for an honest review*I really really liked this book! It had been a while since I enjoyed a YA contemporary this much and ''The Gaps'' sure left me with great impressions!After the abduction of 16 year-old, Yin, we follow the lives of two of her classmates in a prestigious private girls' school, Chloe & Natalia and we see the effects the incident has on both of them and the entire school/local society. That's exactly what I mostly liked about the book. The story wasn't so much about finding Yin and her kidnapper, although we follow the updates on her case through the eyes of our protagonists, but mostly about the impact her disappearence had around the girls of the school and about the important conversation that it brought up. I really appreciated how the two female protagonists were so different from each other and handled situations in opposite ways.I most loved how in its core this story is very feminist and it expresses the thoughts of young girls about how the world reacts when they're mistreated. We get great examples of girls being sick and tired of being told to "take procautions" to not get abducted/r*ped, of getting censored for expressing their thoughts in intense ways. And it wasn't just about girls being mistreated by society, but also about the rivalry created among girls because they struggle to realize that they're all experiencing girlhood differently and therefore have different ways of reacting (or not reacting) to the hardships they face. That rivalry is trying to be resolved throughout the book as the characters struggle to understand that they should just accept each other instead of trying to change one another. It's also a great representation of how people try to move through everyday life after a life-changing event or in a period of anticipation for the unpredictable, gradually trying to find rays of sunshine and bits of beauty and strenght when the world feels like such an ugly and uncertain place! All in all, a very beautiful and hard-hitting YA story, definitely touching on a very hard topic!
Maybe 3.5 stars to be honestFirst of all, a disclaimer; I do realize that me not enjoying this book as much as I hoped to is partially my own fault because a)... I watched the movie first, ok? Crucify me, if you want, but Ralph His freaking Highness Fiennes was in that movie and I cannot control myself when it comes to that masterpiece of a man, ok? Plus, I didn't know my mother owned a copy of this so I could read it, so ... yeah ... that's that and b) mystery/whatever you call this isn't really my genre.With that having been said; I struggled quite a bit with this book, especially in the first, let's say, half of it and I don't think it had to do just with the fact that I knew the plot. The writing failed to grasp my interest and I had just expected it to be more thrilling and suspenseful. The chapters that examined the killer's POV and background, however, I found to be super interesting and exciting; it was the cop/investigation part that tired me. So, in a nutshell, I really liked the plot of the book and the writing in half of the chapters but this just didn't impress me as much as I hoped it would.
*I received an eARC from the publisher via Netgalley (thank you so much) in exchange for an honest review*Oh my, I just finished the best poetry collection I've read in a while and my heart is so happy! It's been a while since I've appreciated a collection of modern poetry so much!I don't even know how to put it into words; it waa gorgeous, absolutely beautiful. I enjoyed some poems more than others, of course, my favourites being: Once in a Lifetime, Sisters Under The Pink Moon, Small Ships, The Silver Lining of Suffering, Regarding Nostalgia, Prisoner of Her Time, Resilience, Saying Goodbye, Nantucket Midnight Storm, Cure for Apathy and If You're Lucky! (I know that's a lot of them, but I couldn't pick any less, all these are the ones with the most enchanting lyrics for me).I loved the emotions of bittersweet nostalgia, consoling melancholy, appreciation of childhood, the dive into memories! So beautiful! I especially adored how vividly these poems shaped images in my head, familiar ones. How it presented simple, everyday moments and showed the need to cherish them by putting them in beautiful lyrics. I felt very touched!This poetry collection truly made me feel so calm inside and put a spell on me! Very beautiful!
TW for miscarriage and abortionBro, this book left my mind and sanity all over the place, OMGBefore I begin, let me just mention I had read nothing else by Colleen Hoover before since I'm really not into romance, but I thought I'd give her first thriller a try in the spooky month of October, even though I'm not an avid thriller reader either (yep, I'm all over the place).So I feel like I need to devide my feelings towards this story in two parts: before and after the plot twist, so yeah, this review is pretty much for people who've already read just so I can rant/rave about it and I'll 'hide' most of it away for spoilers!Ok, so before the plot twist, while our very unlikeable protagonist was discovering Verity's manuscript I was feeling super intrigued by the plot, but morally speaking I felt as if Verity was demonized for no reason. (view spoiler)[Was I the only one that felt like Verity being unable to feel love for the unborn children she carried and instead being "jealous'' of them because of the connection she made that her husband would love them more her, isn't actually something that makes her a bad person? I don't feel like it's something unnatural that makes her evil, if anything I feel like a lot of women with unplanned pregnancies go through that train of thought. Ok, maybe not to the point where they try to cause themself a miscarriage but even when Verity tried to do that, crucify me, but I didn't feel like she was being evil or bad even, I didn't think it was something to demonize her about. If anything I sympathized with her and felt bad for what she had to go through. Especially in the scenes where she was thinking how it didn't make sense to her to love her children most in the world before she even knows them or how agitated she was with everyone's excitement when they were born, I was crying not because I felt bad for the kids, but bad for her. Of course it was tragic that she attempted killing her kids even after they were born, but all I'm saying is I don't feel like she's some kind of evil human. (hide spoiler)]Especially what nagged me was the way the protagonist reacted to it. She was just detestable. (view spoiler)[First she was like "oh, I can't through that, all Verity wants to write is sex with her husband, what a maniac" and a few pages later she was like "at least I have Verity's descriptions to fantashize about her husband when I'm going to bed''. She literally told her "your husband's gonna be ***** me in your bed tonight" to check whether she's faking her condition. She felt shy when looking at the bites on the headboard of the bed and then when she was sleeping with Jeremy she literally thought she should bite the headboard harder to make deeper marks and prove to Verity that she owns her husband now. Oh my god, and they she ranted about Verity being a psychopath, as is she knew the first thing about mental illness (hide spoiler)]Also, I was pretty turned off about the typical mad-woman-in-the-attic trope or more accurately what seemed like it. (view spoiler)[The classic: member of the family being in a car crash, being left unable to communicate, being kept and taken care of in the house and then someone new comes in and realizes that that person is, so unrealistically, faking their condition. Just like those b-movies that you watch on TV at 4 am when you can't sleep (I'm not just saying, Verity felt quite simiral to the film 'Shut In', check it out if you don't believe me). (hide spoiler)]And then, after that very upsetting ending, came the plot twist that I deeply needed. (view spoiler)[Ha, y'all killed an innocent woman. In your face. But nooo, did that detestable protagonist feel any bad? Noooo. She wanted to protect that murderer, Jeremy, 'cause ''poor him, it's not his fault he killed his wife in cold-blood, it was Verity's fault for being such a believable, good writer''. So long story short, I felt like Verity was innocent and was ''taking her side'' even when we thought she did all those things. So just imagine how I felt after the relevation came. And I know it's supposed to be open-ended, since we can't know in which case Verity was lying, but for me, the real case is the one revealed in her letter. (hide spoiler)]So, to sum it up, really cool plot and twist, a main character you'll love to absolutely hate and a great thriller by a romance author! Check it out if you want to just get that feeling of being perfectly upset by a book!
This is one of the first books I'm reading as a history/archaelogy student and it sure was very interesting and easy to read as well! I really appreciated the analogies/references/examples that made Gaddis' thoughts and scientific terms easier to understand! However, I did find the comparison to social studies to be overly extended to a point past the one needed to clarify the differences between the two sciences, almost as if he was trying to prove that history is "better".
Now this is a book worth All. The. Hype! Celeste Ng managed to speak out about such important behaviours that we all express or experience on a daily basis through such a perplex story. So well constructed and detailed, the plot follows this tragic line of misunderstandings -and there's a lot of lovely foreshadowings, too, which I just adored, I'm such a loser for foreshadowings - so it can all lead to that EPIC ending. The tension builds up throughout the entire book with constant revelations, but I think it's all just to emphasize on the hella important message of this story, which is what I'd like to talk about.This book is literally so enlighting. It makes you reflect on your life, choices and manners. But most importantly it makes you question your perception of "normal". What is considered normal? It's such a subjective thing, really, but everyone seems to be so absolute on their definition of it. Why are we so clear on what we categorize as 'normal'? Who can say what is the regular thing to do? It's obviously our life style that shapes our view of everything. But, why did we choose that lifestyle -if we\ were actually the ones that chose it? What gives us the impression that our lifestyle is the right one while everyone else's lifestyle is just a series of wrong choices? Who are we to judge? Why did we all grow up thinking right, wrong, fair, unfair, moral and immoral are and should be such specific, absolute things? This story is the good shake we all need to snap out of our idea of "normality" and realize that everyone is entitled to make choices depending on different priorities that they make for themselves. Such a powerful story!
*I received an eARC from the publisher via Netgalley (thank you so much) in exchange for an honest review*"Mercurial" was an interesting fantasy book! I enjoyed the universe & worldbuilding which were very well fleshed out! The concept of the world was very intriguing, especially the religion part. The characters on the other hand, however memorable, could have been more developed throughout the story. As I saw it, it was more about following the story than learning more about the characters' personalities, since they definitely had a past but not necessarily distinguishable character traits. Therefore I feel like this book would definitely be a better option for people who prefer plot-based stories! I loved the sapphic romance as well & very much appreciated how the main romance was a slow burn and not "all over your face", since I prefer discreet romances in fantasy books. An overall enjoyable fantasy book from an author I'd gladly check out more of since the writing was quite nice!
Considering that the first genre I ever called my favorite was YA dystopian I was super surprised that this book didn't blow my mind away at all. Had a mini bookish identity crisis and considered rereading all my favorite dystopian series from my early teen years but then I just chilled and realized my surprising reaction to the book probably came from the fact that a) I hadn't read YA dystopian in about 2 yearsand, most importantly,b) I've been getting more demanding when it comes to the writing of the books I read and this book's writing just wasn't anything remarkable.Yes, the writing was pretty much ... just... how do I say this... very plain. Like, it wasn't memorable or special or anything, it was just a story being narrated. Onto the characters, typical YA dystopian book characters; the unlikeable female protagonist that makes the bad decisions and the love intererest being the unbelievably sweet/my-heart-is-melting-on-the-floor kinda guy. And the love triangle; it just isn't a good old YA dystopian without the love traingle between the guy she knew before the plot of the book begins and the guy she met during her life-changing adventure. My oh my... Just kidding, though, still found it an enjoyable quick read, altough the plot wasn't the best I've ever found in a dystopian. Will get to the rest of the series.
I found this to be a super cute and heartwarming read. What I loved most about it was that, instead of just focusing on the two protagonists, there were adorable, little chapters about some of the other characters, telling their own heartbreaking stories as well. I thought that it made the book even more special. Both characters' family environments felt very honest and realistic, too. The only problem I faced with this one was that I had mixed feelings about the (view spoiler)[ ending. At first, since I read about the last 50 pages in one sitting, I was crying with the beautiful writing and felt very glad. On a second thought, after I closed the book, I felt like it was an unnaturally happy turn of events and it seemed unrealistic and a bit forced to me. However, I decided to leave that thought behind and I ended up finishing this book with a very sweet aftertaste (hide spoiler)] :)
I feel so bad for rating this book one star. I feel like I'm just a horrible, horrible person, because I'm genuinely a very generous "star donor" you could call it, most of the time, but damn this book! I had seen so many 5 star reviews from my favorite book reviewers and I wanted to love it so much but I just didn't have fun with it at all! I found the entirety of it to be nonsensical and just wtf, honestly! Like just the way the plot progressed: I thought it was so, so dumb. It didn't make any sense. More specifically, the reaction of the protagonist to the fact that a living mannequin wanted to kill his friends was just so, so outraging, and his logic didn't make the slightest sense. He just could not be justified in any way. And he thought he was helping his friends that way, oh my god. Worst character from whose point of view I've read of, probably! I know that the same exact thing I found idiotic was probably what excited the people who loved this book , but I just felt annoyed the whole time I was reading it! As for everyone loving how 'disturbing' it was, I guess I thought of the disturbing aspect of it as just nonsensical! Also failed at making me feel any sort of unease or fear! Oh my, I'm just so sad I couldn't love this book! Still super excited to read Stephen Graham Jones' new book, tho, 'The Only Good Indians', it sounds very intriguing!
What can I even say? I mean, it's Fernando Pessoa, I loved these poems so much I just wanted to cry!!Just pure, simple, lovely poetry! Not sure whether Alberto Caeiro is my favourite Fernando Pessoa, but I definitely adored these so much, I never wanted them to end. Fernando Pessoa just owns my heart!
Not giving star ratings to books of political theory - however, glad I finally got around to this as an introduction to anarcho-communism.
Seventeen year-olds aren't supposed to get happy endings. They're supposed to get beginningsCurrently drowing in a pool of disappointment cause I wanted this book to do me good but it just didn't. Even reread it to see if I had missed something or if my conclusions were hasty. But it just couldn't do me good. I thought: "maybe I'm just overthinking it" but the truth is I let myself free from the need to find the extraordinary rep or something, but, still, it wasn't me, but my face muscles automatically reacting to what I was reading letting me know some parts of it I sincerely found to be problematic.For starters, I did apreciate how the way struggle with problematic family environments was handled, with Eleanor's alcoholic stepfather and her struggle between calling for help out of his abusive behaviour and keeping her family in a home, even if that's not a safe one and Park's parents representing a more typical kind of household. Therefore some parts of the book were a realistic depiction of a teenager's struggles. However, my main problem was the romance. The way these two started to get together seemed childish and random to me, to be honest. I couldn't find it cute, I just thought how weird it was that Park was first having quite insulting thoughts about Eleanor and thinking allowing her to sit next to him on the bus was charity work or something. And what with Eleanor constantly calling him''weird Asian kid'' as if 'Asian' was a character trait? Ugh, the whole thing just felt quite immature to me. I understood how making things between them awkward was supposed to make them look more realistic, but, honestly, some of it felt a bit cringy.Such mixed feelings about this story :(
*Thank you to NetGalley for an e-ARC of this book in exchange for my honest reviewFelt like everything about this graphic novel was so absolutely well-done! The art style was gorgeous and fitted the theme perfectly. The writing was enlightening to the inner world of people struggling with anxiety and the lines were brilliant and touched the reader's heart softly yet powerfully. The way the serious thematic was approached was delicate taking into consideration how triggering the reading experience could get but at the same time made its message crystal clear, offering a great representation but also providing a hopeful undertone to the reader trying to process, accept and bloom through the hardships! Lovely idea and execution!
Thank you to the publisher for providing me with a review e-arc through netgalley in exchange for an honest review!I know I'm not supposed to tell you what I wished forbut I will sayIt looks a lot like your hand in mineIt looks a lot like you stayingA poetry collection about lost love, heartbreak, missing a romantic partner but also, anxiety, trying to restore faith in youself, dealing with dark thoughts!Even though I tend to not like this type of modern, more simplistic poetry, I ended up really really enjoying this one, mostly because I was in an unexpected romantic mood and thought the lyrics about heartbreak were beautiful, even though they were definitely very simple! Something else that made me very happy was the fact that a couple of poems mentioned attraction to more than one gender which I absolutely needed to see and found so, so amazing!
*thank you to the author for providing me with a copy in exchange for my honest review*"Hive" tells the post-apocalyptic tale of a world as it was left after an alien invasion which totally shifted the "Old World" creating completely new dynamics and lifestyle for the people. The best way to describe it is as a very intense & action packed post-apocalyptic sci-fi. There's a lot of emphasis on the military aspect of it, as we follow the soldiers of the Collective (that is, the universe's military force). Therefore, I'd highly suggest this for people who are into very adventurous, military-centric sci-fi stories! The writing is itself very intense and the action scenes are described perfectly! It manages to convey the atmosphere of the uncertain, dangerous environment the story is set in. The action never really stops and combat scene follows combat scene, so if those kind of books are your cup of tea, I'd really recommend checking "Hive" out!For me, personally the story was quite more action packed and violent than what I usually like in sci-fi. The conflict scenes were a bit too brutal for my taste, but would probably very much satisfy readers who seek them. Also, I had quite a hard time liking the characters and connecting to them since they seemed quite ruthless and merciless throughout the story, things which made them very unlikeable for me. Would still recommend this fir fans of really hardcore-action/combat centric sci-fi!
This is pretty much what I needed to read. As a huge fan of 1984, I really enjoyed this book since they're both set in dystopian communities that have pretty much already become reality -in a way. It makes you realize the control people are put through and how scary our societies really are. Now, I didn't like this as much as 1984 - which is a personal favorite - since it gets quite slow, especially in the second half but the plot was almost equally as atmospherical. Loved how this book praised books and showed the great importance and power of knowledge and of being able to think of your own about the world.
Thanks to NetGalley and the publisher for offering me the chance to read this book!As an archaeology student with knowledge on Greek mythology but very limited study of Roman mythology, I found this book to be a great introduction to it!Easy and enjoyable to read, but still providing quite a few facts and referencing the different versions of myths. Also, providing a good understanding on the connection of mythology and history, as well as its effect on the structure of the society!The pictures apart from making the book very beautiful, perfectly matched the provided text and were both helpful and aesthetic!All in all, a great introduction to Roman mythology!
I believe poetry is the closest we'll ever get to magic and divinity and the Four Quartets is a great validation of my point! Simply mesmerizing!
This didn't treat me as well as I thought it wouldUgh, I don't know, I just feel so weird about not liking this book. Of course I was prepared for it to be a lighthearted read, more soft and cute and therefore, easy to read through, enjoyable but not great. However, as it turned out, for the most part I had to drag myself through this book and kept being annoyed by many factors in it. I was prepared for a coming-of-age story about a fangirl, an awkward at social interactions human being, afraid of going into a new life where people don't seem to have similar interests to her. That would be perfectly ok, it'd make sense. However, Cath was not just an introvert, an overly shy fangirl being neglected by people around her. From what I got, most of the people she met were very much willing to get to know her and share her interests even though they weren't themselves interested in them. Cath, however, had this obsession about shuting them off and even though reality proved her wrong she was just prejudiced about her peers, certain that she wouldn't get along with them. That isn't a ''symptom'' of being a fangirl, a reader, someone who's into more alternative things, anyway. It was just a bad behavior of Cath's. It just felt as if Cath being overly defensive and shut in waw treated by the author as well just a characteristic of fangirls and that isn't true at all. Also, another issue I had was that I'd like her family's issues to be analyzed more thoroughly.In general, as a fangirl, I found this story as a 'problematic', one-sided represantation of fangirls. Perhaps, the problem isn't that much the fault of the book itself, but a result of the fact that since this 'classic YA' there have been more innovative and deep YA contemporaries out or, anyways, YA books with a writing and approach that comes closer to my taste.
*I received an eARC from the publisher via Netgalley (thank you so much) in exchange for an honest review*I started this book with so much hype, considering how interesting the premise of this book sounded. Asa, a girl facing hardships in her everyday family life, seeks escape at the intriguing "Dirt Circus League", a group living secluded from the rest of the town, warshipping Gaia and having a very unique lifestyle. Oh and there's a high chance they're a dangerous cult and Asa is in trouble! I mean sounds great and the good kind of weird, right? Plus, such a cool cover!However, I ended up feeling very disappointed with the execution. The whole structure of the Dirt Circus League was explained quite well, but, apart from that, I felt like things were happening very hastily and the actions of the characters were very chaotic and left without explanation. Like, Asa kept mentioning how she feels like she belongs with the warshippers of Gaia, without actually giving any reason or giving an example of her enjoying her time at the League. It's almost as if I'm left to think that it was only because of (view spoiler)[her crushing over the League's leader, Quarter, considering how boycrazy she's being over him throughout the story even though she knows nothing about him and they never really communicate. (hide spoiler)]Also, a lot of other things also seem to be quite contradicting each other. Like, the protagonist either being able to sense a bunch of things (view spoiler)[because of her gift, as we later learn, which is also left with no explanation (hide spoiler)] but being too naive to understand the creepy things happening at the League, which didn't make sense in character. All in all, I feel like this book was trying to do a lot of different things at once, hastily and without much cohesion and didn't offer such a good execution.
I LOVED, LOVED, LOVED THIS SO MUCH. I had tried to read The Alchemist before and found it appealing in an almost enchanting way but it felt very slow and hard to get through and interpret. But I adored this one and will certainly check out the rest of his books. It had a Kahlil Gibran feeling to it - it really reminded me of his works, for some reason. So philosophical & poetical with way too many beautiful, inspirational quotes to possibly track all of them. It made me feel peaceful in a magical way. The sacred atmosphere of it really got to me. I felt as if this book reached out and caressed my heart and soul. Beautiful...
The writing in this book got so much better than in the first one. It got very lyrical, had some nice/perhaps beautiful emotional quotes - I'm afraid those could get cheesy if you're not in the right mood for them,though. What definitely did get cheesy for my taste was the romance; I hadn't mind the romance in the first book - since the love triangle made quite some sense, too - but Cassia and Ky just got a bit too melodramatic. Maybe I wouldn't have find it sappy if it involved characters from any other book but I really began to not stand the main characters in this book. I mean, I thought of Cassia to be a drama queen since book one but in this one Ky and Xander began to get a bit hard to like, too (Obviously the sidekicks were the ones that saved me). I did appreciate the poems the overdramatic couple was exchanging, however, as I enjoyed the whole importance shown to poetry in this book.
It's so weird; I absolutely loved this but can't exactly tell what it was I loved! It was so eerie... I guess that's exactly the point, though! A few months ago I read "Fahrenheit 451" and loved the concept and world-building but found the writing to be very slow and quite boring. Therefore, when I ran into this in my local library I was quite sceptical. And since sci-fi isn't my usual genre - although I do really enjoy it whenever I read it - I wasn't sure I should risk reading this book. I'm so glad I did, though! This was so unexpectedly awesome! Like, where had it been all this time? I mean, it was SO weird and just unusual that it automatically clicked. The writing was unexpectedly lyrical, the atmosphere was very unsettling and spooky in a very sophisticated, I would call it, way and the plot was just ... unbelievable! Each human trip to Mars went terribly wrong in a very peculiar way, so it was FULL of plot-twists, but each plot-twist was different from the others! It was just surprise, surprise, surprise every other page. Like, Bradbury. can you show some mercy to my sensitive soul, please? I almost had a heart attack - or 26 - with all the revolutionary plot twists. I just couldn't take it! So innovative and brilliant! Every rule you thought time or space, or logic for that matter, had to obey... yeah, they don't exist here. And, just like that, here you go, a full book that is just completely over human perception and capability. It's, sincerely, a whole new world! Now, apart from all the above, can I just talk about the completely honest depiction of human brutality and the underlining environmental message of this book? We, Earth men, have a talent for ruining big, beautiful things." HOW. TRUE. AND. WORRYING. IS. THAT? Although the book uses some doses of humour, the outcry against imperialism and human greed is clear and hella important! Bradbury shows how mankind always wants to own more and more and more and destroys whoever looks or thinks differently! How we distance ourselves from art and how that makes us even more terrifying beasts, how we misinterpret faith and religion and use it to justify our prejudice! So many important messages. And the most amazing, as I see it, is that a book written in the 1950s is even more relevant today, with all the messages about the importance of living in peace with nature, while we're facing the climate emergency. Especially this next part, about how people change nature to fit their wishes really got to me: “Ask me, then, if I believe in the spirit of the things as they were used, and I'll say yes. They're all here. All the things which had uses. All the mountains which had names. And we'll never be able to use them without feeling uncomfortable. And somehow the mountains will never sound right to us; we'll give them new names, but the old names are there, somewhere in time, and the mountains were shaped and seen under those names. The names we'll give to the canals and mountains and cities will fall like so much water on the back of a mallard. No matter how we touch Mars, we'll never touch it. And then we'll get mad at it, and you know what we'll do? We'll rip it up, rip the skin off, and change it to fit ourselves.” Such a masterpiece! It left me astonished! I recommend this to everyone, no matter how much out of your comfort zone it seems!
What a feminist masterpiece that came upon us this International Women's Day! It's the most raw & dark poetry collection Moushmi Radhanpara has come up with so far. So daring, provocative and brave. Beautifully written words that carry such important meaning and courage. Shedding light to a lot of aspects of feminism, which is the most common theme in this book. It makes me - and I think all women - very happy, to see our struggles represented in poetry, to be reminded that subjects like periods shouldn't be a taboo, to see someone finally speak up on how messed up concepts like "lady- like manners" are and I loved all the sex-positivity! So, so important!Very heart-breaking lyrics about heartwrenching situations that all women face in their everyday life, put in Moushmi's enchanting words and way of expressing her deep thoughts & heartfelt emotions. Lot of the lyrics will haunt you long after you've read it!
Oh my God, this book! A real page-turner, truly captivating. Fast-paced plot and action perfectly combined with a detailed world building. The diversity of the characters and the complexity of the relationships between them is on another level! Talking about those relationships, I gotta say (view spoiler)[ thumbs up to Leigh Bardugo for adding the amazing element of Jesper liking Kaz while Kaz is not interested in him but likes Inej instead, without making it one of those annoying, sappy love triangles. And then Wylan comes and they're so cute together. I mean:"What do you like?" "Music. Numbers. Equations. They're not like words. They don't get mixed up.""If only you could talk to girls in equations."There was a long silence ... and then Wylan said, "Just girls?"Jesper restrained a grin. "No, not just girls."My two lil cutie pies!! In general, I think this is a romance/situation the author handled very delicately and correctly.Another really special character, as I see it, is Matthias; the way his people had recruited him and made him hateful towards Grisha felt very realistic and relevant to today's society of racism and prejudice. Especially in the beginning, before he started reviewing his opinions, I felt as if I was trying to make sense of a modern-day xenophobe and I think adding that to the story was really great! (hide spoiler)]Generally, I just loved how all the characters are corrupted and morally questionable, each imperfect in their own way. The author did a great job with the realistic descriptions of places and depictions of emotions - it was really enchanting. The smart dialogues and deep quotes make it even better! My favourite quote in Six of Crows was 'We're all someone's monster'.
NEVER EATING MUSHROOMS AGAIN AFTER READING THIS BOOK XDWhat a delightful and creepy time I had with this book… It was unbelievableFor those of you starting this book and feeling like it's too slow, please just wait a little bit. It takes a while to kick off but I feel like that's the point. The author did a great job on building a super eerie and creepy atmosphere. In that way, in the beginning you get the unsettling sense that something is going super wrong, but can't exactly tell what it is. So, you can make your theories: is it a realistic reason why weird things are happening, is there a logical explanation to them? Or is it something completely supernatural going on? I just love how the tension builds in this creepy atmosphere of eerie dreams(?), deeply psychologically-kind-of-weird happenings and the perfect gothic landscape!And when you get closer and closer to the revelation it just gets as bizzare as it goes! The scenes are so surreal and crazy - it's super unusual and unnatural and I adored every moment of it!!Highly recommend it if you want something with a great atmosphere, gothic aesthetic and super, weird, creepy, myserious plot! It was SO, SO GOOD!
This is probably my new favorite Stephen King book, which doesn't really say much since I've only read like 4 other books of his. However... this was truly great! Stephen King proves, once again, that he's much more than just your typical horror-writer that gets your blood pumping in your veins. He managed to write such an emotional masterpiece without, of course, losing his signature thrilling writing style. He treated the subject of prisons and death penalty with the sensitivity that was needed and I'd say ... very realistically? Yeah, I know, obviously the whole supernatural aspect is far from realistic but what I mean is that the way King handles real-life issues really shows his social sensitivity. Under its beautiful, mythical mask The Green Mile gave me the impression of an outcry against death penalty and prejudism in court rooms. Very much worth reading!
I went into this one with really bad expectations, having read reviews of people being very disappointed by it, but I ended up enjoying it quite a bit! Possibly because I was trying out thriller/mystery books for the first time - I understand why avid thriller readers would be let down by it! At first, I was quite sure I wouldn't even be able to get through this book because I knew it was centered around a group of app developers and had some business stuff mentioned thoughout it. And knowing myself, I knew that the most boring thing anyone could talk to me about is business stuff. Honestly, start talking to me about innovation, marketing, companies, stocks and shares and whatever and I'll legit fall asleep! However, even though there were business things about the app mentioned throughout the book and they were actually a great part of the story, it didn't bother me at all, since I felt like they were explained very simply! Plot wise, I think I've come to the conclusion that when I rarely pick up thriller books, I'm gonna be going for the 'And Then There Were None' plot line! I really enjoyed this 'secluded in the hotel and one by one they get murdered' trope more than I thought I would. I'll admit the plot twist was quite predictable and I didn't find any part of it significantly scary or agonizing, but it definitely did keep me turning those pages, as I found it to be quite fast-paced and enjoyful to move through!
I was expecting much more from this book! What I liked about it was definitely the nostalgia vibes and the aesthetic descriptions of the character as a child hanging out at his village, those were very innocent and true to the lifestyle of a small village. However, I thought the story-telling was a bit weird, since the various events taking place in this book were narrated randomly, as if the author didn't know what he wanted to focus on and just wrote a bit about everything. The events being told completely out of order didn't seem to serve any particular purpose and it just made the story hard to read, since random characters were brought up and their stories were followed in a peculiar sequence. Also, I expected much more references and talk of the civil war.
I can't even begin to express how beautiful this 100% honest masterpiece is - I loved it with all my heart!So many heartbreaking moments and quotes that filled my eyes with tears!The best thing about it is... it's so humane ; such a great represantation of grief. No unnatural overcoming of it in the end, no magically getting over it and going on with their lives; it's incredibly realistic and understanding. And the characters are these honest human beings that aren't perfect; they let their negative feelings take over, they mess up, they don't say the right thing at the right time...Sincerely, words will fail to describe how close to my heart this book is and how much love it deserves!
SOMEONE NEEDS TO EXORCISE FREUD OUT OF THIS BOOK Wait, I had a point. And I promised myself I wouldn't let my feelings rule and review this like a civilized human being instead. Ok *deep breath*, let's do this! Earlier this year I read "I'll Give You the Sun" by Jandy Nelson and fell absolutely in love with it; it made me cry, it made me smile and it easily earned a spot in my favorite books of all time. Therefore, when I saw this, I immediately picked it up, prepared to really like it. I had been told that it might disappoint me, but I was not prepared for this I find it hard to tell you, I find it hard to take how this and IGYTS were written by the same personOk, I am being super dramatic BUT ... lemme rant here for a little bit! First of all, I was gonna give this book 5/5 stars for the gorgeous writing when it came to the parts where grief was discussed. I thought it was a great represantation of loss, focusing on the actual little things that feel devastating and not the overused cliche lines about broken hearts! The quotes were beautiful, they made me cry, they made me emotional, loved, loved, loved that part. But then, the romance of this book happened!Don't get me wrong, it's not like I'm saying there should've been zero romance in this book. I get it. And the Joe part was an okey dokey, fluffy, nice, lil romance. No hard feelings there. But what the actual hell with the Toby part, the protagonist's horrible decisions and her impossible sexual frustration?At first, I was like "ok, I can be understanding here, (view spoiler)[her sister/his love died, they found shelter in each other, they're gonna develop a relationship!" But then it wasn't a relationship, they were just making out and all the protagonist was talking about was how much she loved being kissed and this went from unsettling to simply problematic. I tried to be understanding at first but then the situation was getting so ridiculous, it could've only made sense to Freud. The protagonist went from being emotionally confused to just making dumb decisions that just can't be justified. (hide spoiler)]And that's what I meant when I said that someone needs to exorcise Freud out of this book!
You wish to burn alive in the flame of a love unrequited.It's simple.Write.Sooo, let's say this is maybe an actual 3.5, since that's more representative of the percentage of poems I liked, but I rounded it up to a 4, because:a) I'm a nice person and b) you know what, I'm not at all ashamed to say that I had a great time with this poetry collection! I found many lyrics relatable and touching and the ones I couldn't relate to 100% were conveying very important experiences and it's chilling to think that some of them are autobiographical. I actually found some parts to be very well crafted and poetically powerful and some of them really moved me and made me appreciate her writing! What I loved most was how honest, spontaneous and heartfelt I found all of it to be. It feels like this woman wears her heart on her sleeve and it's nice to get that from "celebrities" - what I mean is, I guess, that reading her poetry you get that she feels deeply and expresses herself honestly and I loved to see that!A big part of the poems read a bit too much like songs for my taste as if she couldn't release all of them as songs and put them into this poetry collection instead!Overall a very pleasant reading experience, with quite a few lyrics that I appreciated a lot!Has my heart,once so full of love,finally drained itself like a yellow raisin?Will the children begin to notice?
Even though I had watched the anime before picking up the manga, I enjoyed it so much in one sitting! The plot was so gripping and mind-blowing and the art was absolutely gorgeous (black & white fits the story SO well). More than just a super smart story, Deathnote tangles issues of morality, justice and vigilantism through a plot that makes your heart beat faster!
So many mixed reviews, I don't even know what to talk about first!Well, first of all, what I really loved was how this book was focused on family and friends and not romantic relationships. While reading I was afraid maybe the author would cross the line and make the friendships in this book turn into relationships, but, thankfully, I was proved wrong. And that's a message for all YA authors out there; a male character and a female character that are best friends don't have to turn into a couple!! As for the writing, it was the perfect combination between lyrically gorgeous quotes and the realistic depiction of young-people slang. That is why I wasn't frustrated by Sam and Sal's text messages, since they were normal fragments of a story following their day to day life. They weren't taking up a big part of the book and it was clear that they were realistically showing how teenagers keep their messages short via texting. It was clear through Sal's 1st person story that the poetic writing was Sal's way of thinking and saying things and I didn't think it contradicted the way he spoke through texting, since teenagers do write both casually via text and lyrically when expressing themselves. Also, I found the characters to be very well fleshed-out and realistic. Especially, Sal, whose "life-crisis'' was very relatable. A teenager who suddenly questions themselves and their path and aren't certain whether the personality they have formed and put out in the world is 100% themselves truly feels relatable. As for some things a lot of people found problematic about this book: I did read a lot of reviews that put me into deep thinking. As I see it most of those problematic aspects circle around (view spoiler)[ Sam's character and the way she forgave a rapist. That truly is problematic. However, as I see it, it wasn't deliberately used by the author as a plot point. The fact that a character in a book can have problematic/toxic ''opinions'' doesn't mean that those statements express the author themselves or that we should blame the author. I believe that it is possible to spot when the author himself is expressing his toxic opinions through his characters and when the characters are just, you know, bad people. In this case, I think the problem was Sam herself, who I think of as an unlikeable, anti-feminist, toxic character that I could've never got along with in real life. However, if anything that is realistic and writing unlikeable characters isn't a thing to avoid as long as said character isn't used to support the author's toxic opinions, something that I don't think happened here. (hide spoiler)]That is why I didn't find the book problematic.
Much better than "Milk and Honey". It's still not poetry, though. If this book was to be categorized as a collection of quotes and not as a collection of poems, I would give it 5 stars. Especially the rooting part was so emotional and covered topics worth talking about, issues that needed to be addressed.
Nothing less than a very realistic depiction of a society not so different from ours. Of course the imperfect, diverse characters, the mindblowing fictional elements and the beautiful quotes were all amazing but the really astonishing thing about this book was the raw represantion of situations like tyranny, rebellion that turns into tyranny, war, loss etc. Really wonderful how such important and delicate issues (the necessity of peace, for instance) could be given the attention they deserve in this special novel. I also found this last book the best in the trilogy - close one with Catching Fire, though - which doesn't happen to me often. It has a truly special place in my heart!
Y E S ♥♥♥♥ I AM EXCITED TO READ :D
He was a book, and he was holding his final pages, and he wanted to get to the end to find out how it went, and he didn't want it to be over. This absolutely gorgeous quote perfectly describes my feelings while reading this book! I couldn't get enough of it but also didn't want this beautiful journey to end... I think this is my favorite book of the series - although Dream Thieves is super close. I understand why a lot of people were disappointed by the ending, though. However, I don't think it could've worked out any other way; it was the perfect ending this perfect series needed. Everything that makes TRC so special was just even more on point in this one. The breathtaking aesthetic, the innovative magical elements, the lyrical writing. Full of so many beautiful quotes that just owned my heart. The whole vibe of it is so wondrous and enchanting. It sincerely put me in a dream-like state. And my precious children got even more bonded in this one. Their relationships were just so heartwarming and we got such a close look at their emotions and thoughts. AAAA, can I just keep screaming for the rest of eternity? This was SO, SO good. Glorious, just glorious!
I started this book thinking that I would very much dislike it because it really didn't sound like what I normally read - it was not at all my usual genre. Not only historical fiction, but historical fiction about the first man climbing the Everest Mountain, didn't sound like much to me. Nevertheless, I took a leap of faith out of my comfort zone and very early into the book I realized... that my attempt couldn't have been more successful! I ended up loving the story and couldn't stop reading it!Paths of Glory is a story of trying really hard to achieve your dreams, being passionate and making sacrifices but never against others. Therefore, there are issues of morality being touched upon and constant dilemmas are present. Jeffrey Archer did an incredible job mixing the facts of one of the greatest unsolved mysteries of all time with his own special elements - mostly when it came to characters' development. Personally, I was very fond of George Mallory the way he was described in this book, since he was presented as a very moral, altruistic and humble man who always competed fairly and helped others. Another detail that excited me was how Mallory was described as a real feminist, with messages of equality being dispersed by him all over the story. Although I can't find a way to check whether George Mallory really was such a progressive personality, it really made me smile! Of course, the rest of the characters also were deeply developed and intriguing. And if you're wondering how a book about climbing mountains possibly not end up being slow/boring at some point (like I did before reading it), I'm assuring you that a) the author has his way of making the book fast-paced and very interesting because b) this book is about much more than just literally climbing mountains *sighs*
Aaaah, this book broke my heart and mended it in the most devastating and lovely way Revelations, even more questions and unexpected plot points, oh my... I'd take this from the top but where even is the top? The aesthetic of this book turned into a beautiful mix of the 'Glendower search in caves/Ronan's dream world/300 Fox Way supernatural vibes/Cabeswater's natural beauty' aesthetics of the two previous books and just blew my mind cause there were so many plot points developing at once and all these sad things I didn't expect to happen happened (y'all know exactly what I'm referring to here) and just, oh my, the fantasy element was taken on another level. Also, how many hella cute moments do you think my heart can take, Maggie?(view spoiler)[Ronan pushing Adam in a shopping cart and gifting him hand cream, Gansey curled up on the kitchen floor in the middle of the night talking to Blue, Ronan tricking Gansey into hearing the squash song for the 100th time, everyone being super cool and humorous over finding a girl alive for 600 years... (hide spoiler)]Are you tryna give me a heart attack here? Another aspect that I think got even more developed in this book and which is one of my favorite things about this series is how...how do I say it... how everyone's in love with everyone, in a way. They have reached such a high level of true friendship - the way I feel about my friends irl, random shoutout to them, lots of love - in which feelings don't need to be put into boxes. Relationships don't have to get classified as platonic or romantic or whatever. It's just the kind of admiration and love you feel for the really important people in your life after knowing them for a while, the sort of falling in love with love feeling, that I find so crucial but underrated. In a reading reality where everyone's so interested in represantation of true feelings, this is the kind of emotions I propose take over YA. They're just so real Oh, just for the fun of it, I'm gonna set my unpopular opinion free out there in the world and state that this was not my favorite book of the series. Actually, I'd place it last out of the four. It was, as the entire series, absolutely mind blowing and fantastic but didn't manage to win me quite like the rest of them did.
Despite all deliberation, sense, insight, and sober reason, I could not fail to recognize within myself the furtive and yet—ashamed as it might be, so to say, of its irrationality—increasingly insistent voice of some muffled craving of sorts: I would like to live a little bit longer in this beautiful concentration camp."Fatlessness" is a semi-autobiographical novel inspired by the Imre Kertész's own experiences, since he was imprisoned in concentration camps during World War II, which are put in the book through the eyes of 15 year-old protagonist, György Köves.What makes this book so special and worth the Nobel Prize in Literature that the author won is how different it feels from other Holocaust stories, both from autobiographical/semi-autobiographical ones and especially from historical fiction about the period. Especially when it comes to historical fiction about World War II and the Holocaust, the author's point is to write something super emotional that will cause endless sadness to the reader and therefore make them reflect on that major crime against humanity!In ''Fatelessness'', however, probably because the author himself wanted to write his work with full honesty there's a sort of 'apathy' and lack of emotions. It's not full of moving scenes, and you probably won't even cry while reading it. That's what's so great about it: it's not about being emotional and sad, it shows that Holocaust stories aren't put out in the world to "please'' readers with how absolutely heart-breaking they are, their purpose isn't to make you shed tears and put them on ''I-cried-my-eyes-out" shelf on Goodreads (taking example from my own shelf, which is called that). It's people wanting to describe their true emotions at a time when they experienced humanity's worst and most shameful moment.György Köves isn't having a tear-jerker narrative saying, "oh, this happened, and this happened and it was very sad and I felt horrible and cried''. Obviously he went through the most awful experience a person could go through, people, he was in concentration camps, for goodness' sake. And what he shows with the writing of this book is that emotional writing shouldn't be required for people to see exactly how awful and inhumane the Holocaust was. He describes his thoughts at a time where he was suddenly taken away from his life and put from concentration camp to concentration camp without understandind what was happening and he was just trying to go from one day to the next and make an interesting routine for himself. He realizes how weird that might sound but he expresses not feeling that worried at times, or being annoyed by boredom most of all, or finding it ridiculous when people told him how horrible his own experience was and how it's better to try to forget about it. He says that no matter how bad that sounds he had different routines while he was in the concentration camps. On one part he even says " People compare the concentration camps to Hell. For me Hell is a place where you're always bored and you didn't always feel bored in the concentration camps, so I wouldn't call them Hell". That might seem very upsetting to some people, even provocative and inappropriate, but who are you, people who haven't lived through such a suffering as the Holocaust, to tell the man who did live trhough it that he's not describing it "tragically enough"? World War II novels aren't written to fullfill humans' instinctual need to be fed off of tragedy: they're written to express the author's experiences and thoughts. So, what some people though of as ''apathetic writing'' was the way this man experienced the Holocaust. And how could anyone dare to say that he didn't "experience it right"?Highly recommend "Fatelessness" for people who want to move from historical fiction about the WWII to autobiographical/semi-autobiographical novels about it! And do take this ending quote from the book: I already know there will be happiness. For even there, next to the chimneys, in the intervals between the torments, there was something that resembled happiness. Everyone asks only about the hardships and the “atrocities,” whereas for me perhaps it is that experience which will remain the most memorable. Yes, the next time I am asked, I ought to speak about that, the happiness of the concentration camps.
Let me be super real right now and say that the people who tell you this is just a childrens' book and you're too old for it and have missed your chance to read it or that it's too cheesy of a story... those are not people to be trusted!Seriously, though, it is just surreal how absolutely beautiful this book is! I've read this quite a few times already in different ages and even though I enjoyed it even as a kid the first time I read it, the more I read it as I grow the more I appreciate and fully understand its meaning and importance. In other words, the older I am when I read it, the more I cry big, fat tears being moved by its tenderness (tenderness, untrust-worthy fellas out there, not chessiness, this is not at all what cheesy looks like) and just outstanding beauty!Long story short, if you want a book that will leave you staring at the ceiling, with no more tears left to cry, thinking "oh my god, how absolutely heart-breaking and unbelievably beautiful is life and this world we're in?", do yourself a favor and read this masterpiece!
A novel in fragments? More like perfection in fragments! Honestly, though, did you really not expect that the one and only Vladimir Nabokov would absolutely serve even in the case of a few pages of text and the marginalia of a book he was working on before he died? I mean, literary genius at their best!The concept would've been so cool it breaks my heart, the fact that we get to see some of his notes on his writing while putting his words together glues my heart back together and the fact that I found gorgeous quotes to fall in love with even within such a small amount of sentences proves my point that Nabokov just rocks!
You know those "if you could resurrect a deceased author and talk with them over lunch, who would you choose" questions? Yeah, considering that this masterpiece just took its place - only second to 1984 - as my favorite 'classic', it's official. George Orwell. George Orwell is my answer. This allegory is so smart. Like, so insanely genius! Orwell criticizes such real and crazy situations. Even though USSR belongs to the past, this book will always be relevant. Always. It uses irony in the most successful way to condemn the oppression of people, the dictators that present themselves as heroes, to point out how deliberate illiteracy and lack of freedom of expression are used to take one's critical thinking away and turn them into an obeisant civilian, how pretentious equality can actually be masked tyranny. The events of this story are seriously disturbing and scary but what's even scarier is that, well, it's the real history of mankind, what really happens when political ideologies get, inevitably, corrupted by power. I'm not trying to be political - mostly because I don't even know that much about politics or history, although I understand the parts I know of and find that knowledge good enough so I can speak - but George Orwell has the most 'sober' perception and opinion about politics that I've ever read. I feel like he's what true socialism is about. Now that I brought him back to life for dinner, can we make him President, please?
Coming from someone who's not even a fan of short stories... this book was INCREDIBLE! Both the plot and the writing style are mindblowing -Stephen King has this unique way of touching realistic, relatable, everyday issues while conveying feelings of agony and horror through his suspenseful tales. Definitely one of the best storytellers ever!
I never really believed that there actually are books (writers to be correct) that speak the truth so loudly that they can make you want to change your way of life with just a handful of words, until I read this masterpiece! Khalil Gibran was probably the wisest, most authentic man on Earth - thankful for this truly inspiring book!
- They're children. They wouldn't hurt a fly. - Unhappily children do hurt flies I'll always support this over Jane Eyre. No more madwoman-in-the-attic trope, people! Let's bring this book forward as a symbol of what feminism and mental illness representation actually needs. Thumbs up to Jean Rhys for writing the book we didn't know we needed! This is 'Mrs Rochester' being humanized, being given a voice, telling things from her perspective in this 'Jane Eyre prequel'. Now let me tell you why Jane Eyre was one problematic piece of literature. SPOILER ALERT FOR JANE EYRE AHEAD!! So we're so sucked up in Jane's tragic story that Rochester keeping his ex-wife (who he hasn't actually separated from yet) LOCKED UP IN HIS ATTIC, PEOPLE seems normal to us. How terrible is that? I understand that considering the century in which Jane Eyre was written, people couldn't understand Antoinette (yes, she has a name people, she's not just 'Rochester's woman') was battling mental illness and she was just considered 'crazy'. But the point is that people reading this in the modern era still don't have a problem with Antoinette being kept locked up in an attic. If anything, she's considered as the ''bad guy'' who stops Jane's and Rochester's romance. How dare she set the house on fire? Hell, if my husband who promised to keep me well locked me up in an attic away from my family, having food pushed under my door like I'm less of a person and, like that wasn't enough, had his new freaking chick around the house, I'd run around in the middle off the night with a candle trying to burn that bastard to the ground, as well and that without even strugglinf with mental illness. Do you see now why I think we should leave most parts of Jane Eyre to the past where it belongs?But, in the Wide Sargasso Sea, Antoinette gets her justice. Her mental illness gradually taking control of her is explained. Plus, colonialism and racism in Jamaica are discussed brilliantly by a Jamaican author herself. So, in a nutshell, if you aren't reading this book... well, what are you doing with your reading life?
Sarah Crossan did humanity a favour by writing such an important, heartbreaking story! Truly incredible!The writing was, as I expected, beautiful and lyrical and the fact that it was written in verse just made it even more unique and perfect. Most of all I loved the way the situation wasn't presented in an overly emotional way. It was so purely realistic. It didn't have those 20-page-long descriptions of what happened and how everyone reacted to it. It consisted of right-to-the-point dialogues and quotes and it didn't left you time to sob with fancy words. It was exactly how it should be. Things were happening fast, like all tragic things always happen fast, and people don't react to them with long, grand thoughts and poetical words. They just instictively react to the shock and live with it for the rest of their life. That's how things go with life and that's how they went in this gorgeous book, as well. That doesn't make the book any less powerful, if anything, it just hits you harder.Most importantly, this book carried out the sacred mission to speak up against goddamn death penalty and the unhumane character of the justice system. The Western world can't claim to be civilized when it condemns people to death. And, yes, that goes out to you, 30 of the American States that still keep the death penalty. How are we supposed to go on fighting for human rights when in some places, people are legally murdered to point out that it's illegal to murder people? There's something called life sentence going on in the world for horrible criminals and that can be used instead of killing people, you know. Just think that in a world where we're talking about how immoral it is to fry chickens, some still think it's ok to fry people on the electric chair. I think this book did a terrific job in pointing out how insane death penalty is in the raw way needed and I feel like it's a worthy decendent to Stephen King's 'Green Mile' and I would recommend both these books to anyone interested in outcries against death penalty. Also, apart from death penalty, another extremely important issue adressed in this book is the irresponsible and superficial way police and courts work in some cases, with even police violence being mentioned. It's easy to point out the ''usual suspect'' with no actual investigation just to 'close the case' but it certaintly doesn't serve the justice and safety these sectors are asked to preserve. (view spoiler)[Just like Ed was accused of a crime he didn't commit, due to hasty work of the authorities, and was murdered for it, the same has happened for dozens of real people out there(view spoiler)[. (hide spoiler)] (hide spoiler)]
Ok, first things first; this can't be considered actual horror because animatronic mascots killing people isn't a concept that can possibly become scary, no matter how hard it tries - it's just eye roll material. Also, the whole thing got quite repetitive and slow in the second half of it. However , if you go into this book acknowledging that it's not gonna be something more than a typical story of a group of teens trying to survive from a 'wannabe' ridiculous threat, like the ones we've seen in those b-rated thrillers, it's an ok read. Personally, I thought the writing style was really good - but under no circumstances thrilling - and I mostly stuck with the book to see which characters would die, to be honest.
I remember really enjoying the world bulding in this. It felt like the perfect, super creepy, 'let's-pretend-everyone's-happy' dystopian world; pre-decided marriages, deaths, careers, leisure time activities, but my personal favorite was how there were only 100 pieces of each field of art that the public was allowed to know about (100 paintings, 100 songs, 100 poems). I found that last one really interesting. The structure of the Society is the most capturing thing about this books, as I saw it. Learning about some of the characters' past and what their real motives were was intriguing, too, though.
Can I just declare Süskind one of my new favorite authors? This book was brilliant just like Perfume. A great, realistic and raw depiction of life. The story of a person who has compromised and found comfort in a repetitive routine, trapped consciously in a sequence of the same events waiting for death to come. A person who doesn't want the slightest disturbance and fears of change while secretly admiring more courageous people. A person like most of us - deep down. The pigeon is a perfect metaphor for the time that comes when you have a crisis and question your way of living and life so far. Patrick Süskind has an amazing way of putting into words the most shameful and hated human emotions that we all feel but never share, that we try to hide as deep inside us as we can! Truly magnificent!
You gotta appreciate how ahead of her time this woman was, writing this in the early 19th century at the age of 18! I have endless respect for her and was very amazed by this, even though it's far different from what I normally read and rate 5 stars - plus, I do not think I could manage rereading it, no matter how much I appreciated it!
"Writing, painting, singing-it cannot stop everything. Cannot halt death in its tracks. But perhaps it can make the pause between death's footsteps sound and look and feel beautiful, can make the space of waiting a place where you can linger without as much fear. For we are all walking each other to our deaths, and the journey there between footsteps makes up our lives." I don't know how to feel about this book. 3.5 stars would be more appropriate maybe but then, again, I'm not quite sure. First half of this book; it felt like nothing was happening while many things were actually happening and the beautiful, lyrical writing was used to describe situations that weren't really that impressive, you know, big words for empty thoughts? I don't know. The characters got pretty unlikeable, too - especially Cassia - and I reached a point where I couldn't tell whether the stunning thoughts the characters were expressing showed actual, deep human feelings and the characters' development or were just random. Like, everyone was kinda in love with everyone but not all of them were made for each other and I'm not sure whether that's a super realistic depiction of how love works or just showed that the characters themselves weren't sure about what and who they wanted/the author wasn't sure what she was going for. On the second half, the beautiful quotes won me and I decided on the former. However, the love triangle(s)/square/pentagon/where-did-we-even-go-with-this-one still feels very "ugh" to me and the romance feels very cheesy. Pity the poetical writing got overcasted by those elements. What I really liked, though, was the dystopia and how it showed that the revolution that often presents itself as a savior to a form of tyranny might get corrupted by power itself and become an even worse dictatorship, 'cause that's very true for real life, judging from history.
This is hands down the cutest and most heartwarming poetry collection in the world :)
Not even my favorite thing I've read by Pessoa so far and it was still so damn good!In the Anarchist Banker we follow a man who starts a conversation with our main character, the anarchist banker, asking him how in the world he can be both an anarchist and a banker. And that is what's happening for the rest of this short book: the anarchist banker tries to explain his views on anarchism. Therefore, if you go into this book expecting something not-vague, you'll be very disappointed. This reads exactly like non-fiction, with just the occasional interuptions of the dialogue reminding you that you're not reading an essay. Because that is pretty much what it feels like, someone presenting their views on the subject of anarchism, of how society is a made-up structure that restricts people by making them unequal when they were naturally born equal. And in the end, our protagonists tries very hard to convince us that his occupation as a banker, not only doesn't contradict his ideology as an anarchist, but, if anything according to his allegations, makes him the most practical anarchist!A great reading for anyone interested in sociology and philosophy even in the slightest!
Borges' writing was absolutely special and masterful - worth being one of the most quoted authors of all time! Some of these stories had such a beautiful, deep premise and the execution was wonderful, as well! Can't wait to re-read this when I'm more mature for it!
*I received an eARC from the publisher via Netgalley (thank you so much!) in exchange for an honest review*My most anticipated release of the year and, boy, was I right being so excited about it! I really loved it and had a great time reading it, which hasn't happened to me with a YA book in a while!This book follows sisters, Kay and Cee, living in an eco-city in the (propably and unfortunately) not so far-away future, after Earth has turned into an uninhabitable place for humans due to climate change, rise in temperatures, ice melting and floods, extinctions of species and therefore disruption of the ecosystem, pollution and pretty much all the natural disasters we know we're very close to facing today (yes, this book is a wild ride for people with climate anxiety, myself included). However, Cee didn't stay there for long since she somehow ended up on a desert island with no memories of her past life apart from the fact that she has a sister, Kay, whom she needs to get back to.Where do I even begin? The worldbuilding was flawless and I loved how we got to find out more about it as the book progressed, since through every chapter we unraveled even more about the functions of the eco-city and how it's ruled, the state of the planet and the extent of damage done to it, the level technology has reached. Most of it did a great job freaking me out, since it showed how technological and virtual-living centric life had to get due to the environmental crisis, how different classes had different privileges in surviving the effects of said crisis (pretty much like real life already) and how disconnected that new reality made humans. I thought it was very well-done and it really blew my mind. Definitely a world-building Black Mirror fans will love!I also loved the character development and the dynamic in the relationship between the two sisters. Although they show much care and love for each other - each in her own way, even when that way seems unlikely sometimes - they couldn't be more different when it comes to their personalities, the way they see life and the priorities they have. I feel like that does a very realistic job in portraying the two opposite kinds of people when it comes to how they judge the expanse of technology and its applications on life contrary to how those applications take way from the human experience, the connection to nature and, generally, the natural feeling life was made to have. Kay is all in for technology to be used in every way possible in order to maintain humanity alive no matter how that contradicts nature and can sometimes become immoral. Cee, on the other hand, doesn't get the excitement that surrounds technological progress and focuses more on how it limits the human heart. She wants to swim in the real sea instead of visiting it virtually from her stasis pod. She prefers living close to nature and having people in flesh around her rather than surviving in limited mode. I think they really represent the two major opinions you'll hear in the growing real-life conversation about such topics and I found that very well-done and easy to relate to.Also, I really loved the direction the author went with this concept! It could've gone much simpler but Joan He really gave it all and presented a masterful story full of twists and turns that I really wasn't expecting and I found myself gasping and having to stop while reading to take in the plot twists. Exceptional execution! Truly mindblowing!Don't even get me started on the writing! Gorgeous! Really masterful with lots of quotes that I absolutely loved and beautiful descriptions of nature that enhanced the already great job this book did in giving a great environmental message while also being a super enjoyable and lovely story to read!Really loved it and can't wait for the next thing the author comes up with in the future!
Now, let's talk about this outstanding beauty"03:21 AM" is a gorgeous poetry collection about mental illness, the agony of life passing by and the struggle to follow it with a positive view on things. There's a variety of types of poem that give the lyrics a different "mood", even though all of the poems follow the classic kind of poetry, away from the new-new kind of modern poetry of ''prose separated with space bars'', which I very much dislike and therefore was very happy with the classic style of "03:21 AM". So, some poems feel like a spontaneous, desperate cry for help that "hit" the reader right to the feels and that are super relatable for everyone going through hardships. Short sentences, that felt almost breathless to read and seemed so passionate. Some others consisting of more complex sentences, phrases and parallelisms that truly impress with the way Moushmi Radhanpara. I enjoyed both of those categories equally since both reach the reader very emotionally, through the heart. Loneliness, fear and anxiety put in beautiful, brave words that I think will be the voice of people who relate to these situations, in the most touching way. A few months ago, when I read the author's debut poetry collection, "Posies", I thought her writing style couldn't get any better but she proved me wrong! The lyrics just get deeper and deeper the more you make your way through the poems and some lyrics are truly as majestic as those of old, classic poets. Sincerely, some parts were magical and put me into deep melancholia, like poetry is supposed to do to readers! I found the poems to be the perfect amount of bittersweet and nostalgic I love to see in poetry. It's full of beautifully written metaphors, yet the author didn't sugarcoat any emotions and used raw, hard descriptions of heartbreaking emotions and situations. I also loved how she handled sadness both as emotions caused by external factors and as an internal situation! Plus, practically speaking, I loved to see variations between free-verse and rhyme from one poem to another.I think my most favourite poems would have to be "The Wild Delirium" since I love poems that talk of youth and the sad realization of getting older, "A Modern Man's Heedlessness" because I loved how bold it was and "Lost Sobriety" which is so poetically perfect and , it felt like a Robert Frost poem!In a nutshell, I just want to say that I found "03:21 A.M" to be a super deep and meaningful poetry collection of honest thoughts and feelings put into beautiful words by the poet's lyrical talent which seems to be getting better and better!
4.5 stars for reasons I'll explain I didn't expect this to be such a fast-paced and cool mystery to be honest! William is like an alternative version of Sherlock Holmes and he kept making those mindblowing didactions that still didn't manage to unravel all of the mystery since the plot twists were on another level. It was very interesting and intense and the ending had me panting and just freaking out - I couldn't believe it! On the contrary, a lot of people are taking about Eco trying to prove and show off his knowledge in Latin, Greek and random theological cults or beliefs or ... whatever - I can't say I know my theology! To be honest, turning to the appendix every other page to look over the translations was a bit tiring but the Latin perfectly fit the context of the story, so I didn't mind it at all. As for the history of theology and of the various religious teams that some chapters were entirely dedicated to; yes, I did find that quite unnecessary, it got in the way of the plot. Perhaps, Eco did want us to know that he knows his history: Dude, chill out, no one doubted that, ok? But what truly annoyed me was that there was some sexism and homophobia present in the book. However, I'm not sure whether those are opinions that Eco himself supported or he just wanted to portray the opinions of the church, monks and, well, all people at the time, since ... it was the 1300s; unfortunately I didn't expect anything more openminded!
*I received an e-arc of this book from the publisher via netgalley (thank you so much) in exchange for an honest review*To live flawlessly is like trying to extract the salt from a single tear"Maps for the Modern World'' is a book that can be appreciated by a specific audience in a specific mood. For people who tend to not like the form of modern poetry this much - and, partially, I'm one of them - this might not be the poetry collection for you. Personally, I'm not sure I'd categorize this entire book as poetry. Some of it definitely was, but a lot of this was two-line quotes that, however beautiful, I don't think qualify as poetry to me. Also there was a lot of "space bar poetry", aka sentences separated by space bars so they look like poems.However, even though I wouldn't consider a big part of this book as poetry, I still found this collection of gorgeous quotes very nice. The essence of it emphasized on self-empowerment, self-love and trying to take control over how you look at the sadness around you in order to enjoy life more. It was very spiritual, positive and optimistic and it felt like a self-help book with all the empowering quotes! I'd recommend it if you want to read something that will make you feel happy!Also, the book comes with gorgeous little sketches/drawings that I thought were super cute and aesthetic.Listening to this on audiobook as well, the author is narrating it herself, which made it super special! She narrates it with so much passion and love, you could tell from her voice and that made it even better!
So far, when it comes to self-help books, Leo Buscaglia is the only one I trust. I feel like so many other authors are writing such generic things, like "to escape sadness and be happy, just make happy thoughts" or are so annoyingly giddy that they just disappoint me and make me wanna smack their faces for being so ignorant of people's hardships and problems and of how delicate the human soul is! However, Buscaglia is nothing like them, he's just amazing. He is an absolute cutie pie with a deep understanding of the human soul and a realistic view of the world. He managed to be very encouraging and inspirational without giving false hopes or exaggerating about things. He was genuinely empowering. So, so sweet! His stories and the way he handled people just make your heart melt! I mean, come on, the guy compared hard-to-find, good people to unicorns, how cute is that? He just did his best to make people smile and remind them how beautiful life is and how important it is to treat others with love. He was just so nice and kind and important. Love that man! Bus 9 to Paradise is a great lil book to lift your spirits. 'Living, Loving, Learning' reamains my favorite of his, though!
A very precious collection of essays by Jorge Luis Borges on a variety of different topics (mostly literature and philosophy, though). Truly enlightening for a) reasearching a lot of rather unpopular topics, I mean it'd be cool if you had to write a paper on something and instead of those usual college teachers you had Borges as your source and b) showing what a thirst for knowledge Borges had: clearly one of those authors who don't just love to write but mostly to read as well. Obviously he's spent a lot of time studying all sorts of stuff and had a deep interest in understanding and researching various topics. It's obviously very lovely to see how passionately he talks of examining all these subjects - he really sparks your interest. However, since all of the topics he reflects on are obviously very, very, overly, awfully specific I wouldn't suggest just reading it all at once for pleasure (like my ignorant self did, hehe). It's obviously much more easy and interesting if you already know what the guy's talking about, so yeah, obviously my fault for reading this out of the blue, 'cause I had to do some research almost before starting each essay in order to understand it!
What I didn't like about this book:It took me a while to get through, it was just pretty tiring. What I did like about this book:Super smart for its time and different contrary to others of its kind. What was great was that there was much more to it than romance. The most interesting thing, however, were the characters. All of them - not just Heathcliff - were unlikeable (suprisingly Heathcliff didn't even make it to my top 3 most annoying characters) and morally questionable. Even though you acknowledge that they've done mean, cruel things and took some seriously messed up decisions you still find humanity in them and feel pity for them when tragedy strikes. All in all, the characters' psychology is definitely the most important element of this book. I would actually go as far as to say that it's one of the best ethographic works of all time. The little society created in the story and the way the tragedy just re-generated itself is just incredibly smart!
My feelings are mixedMy kind is blownMy world is slightly shookand I don't know how to feel, I really don'tOkay, is this book weird? Yes, it's hella weird. First of all it really is confusing, we're following five generations, dozens of characters and everyone keeps either marrying someone or dying, all that while all the characters have the same two names, so do make notes!But when I say weird, I mean really weird in terms of how weird the relationships the characters form are. We have like three cases of paedophilia, a bunch of incest and a whole lotta love-making, like a lot of it. So yeah, there's quite the focus on sexual relationships in random parts all over the book so please be very aware of that going in the book. Not to mention the, peculiar at best, phrases about penises - dude, this felt like my classic archaeology class where we had to comment on the erection of Satyrs depected on pottery, all over again! Like I could live the rest of my life without reading about(view spoiler)[the guy that could balance a beer bottle on his thing (hide spoiler)], thank you very much, Gabriel!So that is the way in which I found the book weird and the kind of parts that troubled me, since I definitely didn't mind the magical realism kind of weird at all! If anything I absolutely devoured it and it made want to read more of the genre immediately. The whimsical, dreamy sensation is one I tend to adore in books so I absolutely loved it here! All the little magical, unexplainable things warmed me and made my heart so happy! The fluidity of time, the repetition of themes and events from one generation to the other, the weight of memory, history repeating itself, all through Màrquez's writing that makes its way to your heart!Also, I absolutely loved how detailed the characters were and how much we got to learn about them. I feel like they perfectly represented the mindset of traditional small communities. Plus, I loved to see the way evolution kept catching up with the little town, starting from the early 18th and reaching the 19th century. Stuff like the progress of technology, new political and social structures, slowly made their way into the traditional little community making its life more complex and corrupting its essence! I also really appreciated the connection to the historical context, since a lot of the events reference actual events that took place in Márquez's country, Columbia, like civil wars, the suppression of the workers and their strikes by the army. Even Màrquez references himself in his book as a minor character. I don't even need to talk about Márquez's writing, which is absolutely incredible and gorgeous, so detailed and masterful, one of the best I've ever read! So, in a nutshell, I really liked what I got from this story and will definitely re-read it with much excitement soon!
Maybe the older you get the more appealing this story is, or at least I needed to read it a second time after a few years to truly appreciate it! Such an original tale with a thrilling atmosphere. The meaning - whichever meaning you choose to get from it - brings you a beautiful, eerie feeling that really gets to you. The deeply philosophical quotes only add to the atmosphere. Such a great fantasy story!
I’ve dreamed a lot. I’m tired now from dreaming but not tired of dreaming. No one tires of dreaming, because to dream is to forget, and forgetting does not weigh on us, it is a dreamless sleep throughout which we remain awake. In dreams I have achieved everything.I'm in this new place in my reading life where I find myself enjoying existential, philosophical, abstract literature that reads like poetry... and, well, I'm LOVING it and this book is a perfect example of this kind of literature!So, in a nutshell, ''The Book of Disquiet'' is just a book that consists of a bunch of thoughts. Just extracts from someone's mind. Sad, melancholic, philosophical, disturbingly-relatable thoughts. That might not sound so exciting to some, but it's truly, so, so lovely and special!This book is hard to explain in words, but the way this guy reflects on life, human relationships, emotions is so deep and in his thoughts you can find those thoughts you're having that you think are too absurd and abstract for other people to have and/or be able to put into words. But this guy has the same disturbing thoughts and that makes you go 'oh my Gosh'! Although some of the conclusions he draws (if one could say he actually draws conclusions) are too cynical for my taste, I still feel like it was an almost metaphysical experience, reading this book. The beautifully, lyrically written words expressed unbelievably deep, existential, relatable thoughts that filled my mind and heart with wonder!Highly recommend this piece of art !!
I admit that I didn't read these as a child, but perhaps reading them older helped me fully appreciate them. Apart from the great aesthetic and fairy-tale scenery that Oscar Wilde manages to build with his perfect words (aestheticism, duh) those stories are so, so touching and talk about morality and virtues like generosity and altrouism that get crashed by egoism and, in the end, whether you see those selfless characters as heroes or naive losers says a lot about you. The stories are so beautiful and heart-breaking, managing to make their way to your soul and conquer it. Some of my favorites were: The Nightingale & The Rose, The Happy Prince (honestly, if this one didn't absolutely crash your heart, do you even have one?) and The Selfish Giant.
Currently feeling bad for the people who call their reading life satisfactory while missing out on the masterpiece that is this book Where do I even begin? Although I'm usually a characters>plot kind of person, I'll start with the plot and get to fangirling about these awesome characters - which I call "my precious lil pancakes" on a daily basis - later! Maggie is proposing such a fresh idea for YA fantasy - and all fantasy, to be honest - with this book! Ley lines, fluid sense of time and, perhaps most importantly, psychic abilities presented in a way other than those dumb TV commercials. The relationship of the protagonists with the supernatural is constructed in a way that doesn't make it far-fetched or crazy and don't expect anything at all stereotypical and cliché because of the rather unfair synopsis of this book. The fantasy setting is so innovative and unlike anything else of its kind. The world building isn't trying too hard to convince you that it "makes sense". Instead, it's surreal in such a simple, innocent way that it allows you to let loose. You don't have to keep count of the structure being explained, you can only focus on being so beautifully absorbed by the magical aesthetic and development of the plot. In that way the fantasy world isn't absent-minded and doesn't have plot holes and, at the same time, it lacks the pretentious, constant 'explaining' that makes other books of this genre feel tiring (at least for me). It's developed richly but remains super cool. Apart from the originality of the theme - I don't know if I made it clear by now but it's the most original YA I've ever read - the plot itself has continuous twists and revelations that just left my mouth hanging open. (*sighs*) So. freaking. good... Now, I'm gonna get to MY CHILDREN, aka the loveliest characters ever. They're not my favorite fictional squad because they are flawless. Not at all. Actually, most - if not all - of them can really get on your nerves at times. But a)they go through immense development (but that's something to go over on my reviews for the rest of the series) and b)they're so ... how do I say it... characteristical? I mean, they have those signature treats, they're so themselves and themselves only. Even though they're such a close squad and they get even closer as the books go on, they don't "mix up". They act as only they'd act and that proves how greatly Maggie Stiefvater fleshed them out! Don't even get me started on the friendships between them. They're so cute but feel super realistic and have such cool, heartwarming moments as a whole group but also as duets. Everyone has a super special relationship with everyone and they just make me so happy! Obviously, though, their bonds develop more in the next three books and my comments can't help but be influenced by the fact that I'm reviewing the books after having completed the whole series and seeing the overall course of everything. The plot, too, makes itself more clear in the next book and - especially in the first 80 pages or so - things are a bit chaotic and I get why a lot of people have trouble connecting to the story. I beg you, though, even if it seems weird at first, please stick to it and go on to the next books. As soon as you start the second installment of the series you'll realise how special it is and how much perfection you would've missed out on if you had DNFed it.
Oh my God, I had so much fun with this one!Lovely little ironic ''guide'' into the "basics" of archaeology. Perfect for people just starting an archaeology class to make fun of your future self and colleagues! Do not try to pass exams with it, tho - that'll probably turn out bad unless your professor has a sense of humour excellent enough to appreciate it! Super enjoyable lil book, tho. You'll certainly have a great time with it! The humour is very witty, smart and just hilarious! Totally recommend!
“Passion is...it's fire. And fire is great, man. But we're made of water. Water is how we keep living. Water is what we need to survive.” To be honest, 4.25 stars just to state that this book didn't absolutely blow me away/changed my life/owned my heart and soul/became my new all-time favorite - like it did for other people. Also, I had some really tiny problems that I'll get too very soon and went through a little roller-coaster while reading this but it's mostly that I didn't get the hype surrounding this book in the fullest. And that's the first thing: I hear about this book - 'cause it's freaking everywhere, you can't not hear about it - and then I look up what it's about and I'm thinking two things; a)oooh, this sounds quite interesting, I love rock bands and learning about their lifestyles - half of my YouTube history is band interviews and then b)well, yeah, but how the hell did this interest literally everyone? I just think it's the kind of subject you don't read about if you aren't invested in stuff like it in general, even a little bit. It just sounded way too specific, you know? But it turns out that people who had no past interest in finding out more about band-life/music scene of the 70s fell absolutely in love with this book. So, I guess, my first point is: Congrats to Taylor Jenkins Reid for managing to take this kind of material and introduce it into the mainstream, turn it into a best-seller. Before going into this I was worried about the format; the Daisy Jones & The Six story is told through interviews and I thought maybe it would make the story hard to get through. However, the format was just great. It really suited the story and helped it move in just the right pace. And, truly for the first third of the book I felt like I was reading an actual interview of an actual band - it was really well-shaped. In about the middle, though, I wasn't getting the right vibe from it. I can't quite put my finger on what it was; some of the quotes felt cliché and ... I don't know ... it felt a bit predictable, like the rock 'n roll band stories we've seen hundreds of times before and I was waiting for the big "splash", for the story to cross another line, take things a step further. Thankfully, this book did me no wrong; in about the third part, oh, my poor soul, it really kicked off and moved to another level. First of all; the characters. They're nicely fleshed-out and there's something about each one to both love and hate. But it's not as much about the characters themselves. The dynamics between them are the ones really doing it. Also, some really great feminism points were made in this. Daisy Jones is a woman determined to not change her attitude or dressing style to be respected by men. To not scandalise them. She's gonna go with her sexy self and people can say whatever they want. That's badass. And she's a real feminist. Karen doesn't want to give the world the tiniest "excuse" to sexualize her. She doesn't show her body so she can make sure that she gets in bands for her music, that the audience wants to see her for her playing, not her looks. And that's equally as badass. And she, too, is equally as a real feminist. What really got me about the story, though, what truly spoke to my heart was... *sighs* (view spoiler)[the unrequited love. Do you have any idea how long I've been waiting for unrequited love to get the represantation it deserves? I've literally never seen this so centrally addressed in a book. A feeling of absolute love and appreciation that can't turn into a romance. That remains a burning feeling in the heart for a lifetime. Sure, it's not exactly unrequited love, since Billy, too, loved Daisy. But the point is, he also loved Camila, he had Camila, he had found his water "and he really hoped Daisy found hers cause he couldn't be it''. (hide spoiler)]Like, can you just allow me to take a time-out and go cry? (view spoiler)[ Daisy's point of view, how she looked at him, how she described him, how much she looked up to him, how much she wanted to be with him and how absolutely hopeless and condemned the whole thing was. My poor little heart... Honestly, though, I'm super glad the author didn't turn it into a love triangle, into cheating. Daisy would never hurt Billy's family, no matter how aware she was of her feelings, how sad she was. Same goes for Billy. It was just pure unfulfilled love and you've no idea how much I loved that! Plus, another thumbs up to Taylor Jenkins Reid for how Karen's abortion was treated. She didn't want to have kids. That was just not the future she wanted for herself. A man didn't change her mind. "Love" didn't change her mind. No sort of "mother instict" magically kicked in to make her regret her decision. That was who she was. Unwanted pregnancy wasn't romanticed. And 👏 that 👏 is 👏 how 👏 it's 👏 done, ladies and gentlemen. (hide spoiler)] To add just a couple more things. I'm not sure you can call Daisy Jones and The Six the kind of band I would listen to. Everyone's like "omg, I wish they were a real band" but the lyrics don't really do it for me. Some of them are quite good but I wouldn't say they're like super super deep. Maybe I'll like them as the soundtrack of the show that will come out, though, which I'm super excited about. I don't usually like it when books I really like are made it into movies or shows but this one seems like it'd make a gorgeous show. Also, I'll probably reread this in audiobook form soon, although I really don't prefer audiobooks, because it feels like the kind of book that could really work better in audiobook.
I sobbed so hard; this had got to be one of the most beautiful and moving stories ever written! It proves that the only things people need to be happy aren't actually things but one another and hearts full of love. It warmed my heart - even though it broke it first!
I'm actually rating this with 3.5 stars , to be honest!First of all, it'd be unfair not to talk about the good points of this book, since it had some remarkably positive elements. What I loved most about this book and what I believe to be its trump card, were the characters. Not only are they insanely well-developed but, since the book follows their entire lives, we get to see their transformation throughout the story. In that way, and with all the detail put in their creation, it gives you the feeling that you've known the protagonists your whole life.However, that wasn't the best thing about the characters; what amazed me most was how genuinely realistic they were. Even though the events of the book take place in a dystopian society, the characters' personalities make them so honest and imperfect like they're just some ordinary, everyday people. The relationships between them are also made to resemble usual, relatable situations. Their actions and words match what we've been told about them and I found that consistency to be great. Furthemore, the dialogues are, once again, very realistic; the author isn't trying too hard to impress you by characters exchanging poetic words or being unnaturally witty.On the other hand, though, I was a bit disappointed by the writing style. I guess I was expecting more metaphors and epic/stunning descriptions and, overall, something special and groundbreaking by an author awarded with the Nobel Prize in Literature. Don't get me wrong, though, I did appreciate the analytic descriptions in some parts.Another thing that turned me off with this book was that it took me a while to get into and through it; maybe it was just me but I found the story to be a bit slow-paced.Now, about the story itself; I liked the whole 'clones' concept, I really did but I thought the author could've expanded on it. And I have this one kinda burning question ...I wouldn't call it a plot hole but can someone please tell me why (view spoiler)[is there no explanation whatsoever for why none of these characters does even think of escaping? I mean, I get that's how they were raised and all, but how are all of them so naive and apathetic towards the idea of choosing a different life for themselves? Out of all these students, not even a single one of them is shown to question the way they're being treated. Not even one rebel that feels like the whole thing is just an unfair joke on them, not even one showing any wrath, rage or even simple doubt. Nope, they're all just accepting their fate. Just like that. I get that it was meant to be a sad story with a depressing, heartbreaking ending but I just feel like it's unnatural that they're all just compromising like that, settling for such short lives, for their path to be chosen for them, for dying for a so-called bigger cause . Especially when it just seems that... there's nothing stopping them from escaping? It is mentioned - and more than once, actually - that after a specific time (during their life in the Cottages) they are allowed to drive and take feild trips and visit towns that are two, even three hours away. And nobody thinks of just driving off, far away to live the lives they always wanted, to make their dream jobs come true. Additionally, there doesn't appear to be any kind of control system that watches them, checks on them everywhere they go, so... why not? I guess, I'll just keep wondering. (hide spoiler)]
Just when I thought the series couldn't get any better, Catching Fire proved me wrong by making me like it even more than the first one. The plot went to a different level and gave me the chills and the world-building was also developed with the dystopian society more thoroughly explained Feels like the series is just getting better and better!
This isn't a review.This is me screaming and fangirling super hard over how much I adored this book!!!!!!Ok, so, Six of Crows was great, but Crooked Kingdom was OMG, SO SO SO GOOD! It's a new all time favorite for me, it managed to earn a very special place in my heart and I love this story and these characters so much!Very heartwarming things happened, a super sad thing happened but it was incredibly beautiful! The plot was so smart and the dynamics in the relationships between the characters were everything. IT'S JUST SUCH A BEAUTIFUL STORY AND THESE CHARACTERS ARE MY BABIES AND OMG I CAN'T EVEN PUT IT INTO WORDS, I LOVE IT SO MUCH!
How do I even begin to express how much this book enchanted me? I could say that this book now owns a special space in my heart but I think it'd be closer to reality if I said that it just stole my heart and is keeping it prisoner between its pages and is probably never letting it go because ... I freaking adored it so damn much!! Ok, so, it's been a while since a book spoke to my feelings the way ''I'll Give You the Sun" did. The characters were all so well fleshed-out; they were imperfect, carried away by passion and made some serious mistakes during the whole book but their development was so gorgeous that they were just so relatable and lovable, each in their own way. It's one of those special times when you wish a fictional character was a real, breathing person. CJ was so fun and I just wanted to give Noah a hug and Guillermo is just so teacher goals and, yas, I totally have a crush on Oscar now. The ships in this book are all so freaking cute and adorable and the relationships - whether romantic, platonic, between parents & children or between the two siblings - were so beautifully examined. Also, I have to say that I think this book had just the perfect represantation of jealousy and loss and treated those subjects with much sensitivity. The writing was so sentimental and the stunning quotes brought tears to my eyes. Will never forget how special this book is and probably will reread it many times in the future!
I don't think that I've ever been shocked by a book this much! This brilliant story is, with no doubt, rightfully earning a high position in my all time favorites. It has got to be one of the most realistic and raw books ever written. Every single sentence in it is just so honest. An incredible outcry against the inhumane and unacceptable way society rejects and treats the mentally ill. It criticizes the awful tactics used in mental health hospitals/clinics, especially in the past - or at least I want to believe that those "treatments" are now history - without sugarcoating anything; it just shakes the disgusting truth about our "humanity" right out of you because it needs to, because it has to be spoken. A true masterpiece full of clarity and sensitivity that everyone should read!
The world-building in this one is on another level! Would definitely recommend it!
I picked this up after absolutely loving Camus' "The Stranger" and even though I really appreciated some quotes and lots of philosophical, endoscopic passages, it overall didn't really impress me as much as I hoped/didn't do it for me. Perhaps it's just the fact that I find it hard to really get into novellas that have the form of a character's monologue - I just felt it get repetitive and tiring for me after a while. Also, some things the narrator says about women felt so outdated and stereotypical, which, okay, makes perfect sense for its time, but it just got on my nerves quite a bit while reading!
Damn, this book hit hard!Albert Camus explores insensitivity and indifference in what feels like an absurd way - that's how everyone describes this book. However, as I saw it, the peculiar protagonist is a truly realistic figure. On the one hand, he seems deeply conned from the world of emotions. The indifference he shows towards the news of his mother's death in the very start of the book along with the way he doesn't seem to take into account the way his action can cause harm to other people definitely let us know that his emotions don't work the way they do for most of us. On the other hand, though, it's not easy to call him irrational or senseless. He might make some decisions that can't be logically explained and don't seem to make their way through his thoughts or heart, but then he does seem touched by some things and he speaks about them in such an artistic way. He expresses admiration and love for his girlfriend's beauty and appreciation for the time they spend together.He seems to enjoy in a very artistic way the view from his balcony in the afternoon as he watches the people walking by and thinks of their day while smoking. He feels relieved and free when swimming in the ocean. He really enjoys the chatter of people on the way to the beach. He laughs while running on the side of the road trying to outrun a bus alongside his friend, whose laughing face he takes in with appreciation. The point is, though, that his love for people and situations seems to have more to do with aesthetic and less with forming deeper emotional bonds. He enjoys the company of people and isn't awkward around them, as long as it doesn't ruin his aesthetic, his way of being satisfied by his surroundings. He finds things aesthetically pleasing instinctually but the aesthetic doesn't turn into emotions in the deeply thoughtful way you'd expect. His 'happy' and 'sad', in that way, seem to be more like 'aesthetically pleased' and 'discomfort'.Through the course of the book. we see that the way he doesn't feel things through makes him act in a threatening-towards-others way. However, towards the end when (view spoiler)[ when he's waiting for his death and lives through his memories trapped in prison, when he tries to make sense out of things (hide spoiler)] it makes you wonder whether the way he reacts - or more accurately doesn't act enough - in situations is really that bad. What if the guy just found that the meaning of life is feeling the things that matter only? Of course that makes him bad towards other people but, excluding ...well, you know the thing, it seemed to have worked fine for him. It was fulfilling enough for him. Also, considering the ending of this book I'd like to focus on something people don't concentrate that much on in their reviews and that is the tragedy of (view spoiler)[ death and how just ruining for the psyche it is to await for certain death in the case of death sentence. The thoughts the character has while facing his upcoming death are just so deeply heartbreaking and mindblowing; the memories he goes through again again, going back and forth between the thought that everything's ok because death would come one day, anyway, and that it's really unfair to die and he can't make peace with the thought that his heart won't be beating and he won't see the sky and the ocean and won't feel things again. It's deeply upsetting to read about. The certainty with which he knows and expects his inhumaine execution make the ending of this book a great outcry against death peanlty. (hide spoiler)]
Omg, I didn't expect to love this book this much but I ended up really, really appreciating it So fresh, with a great use of irony, fun but incredibly respectful towards important matters at the same time. A great praise for feminism, an inspired outcry against the toxicity of stereotypes and sexism and so understanding of youth. Overflowed me with respect, sympathy, admiration and gratitude for all the women before who had to endure tragedy and pain so I could have my rights - as well as a reminder to always value them and fight for them. Dido Sotiriou was such a badass for writing this and so was Elisavet Moutzan-Martinegou, whose biography's parts are included in this masterpiece! You have to read this!
*I received an eARC from the publisher via Netgalley (thank you so much!) in exchange for an honest review*"Pastel Pink" is a very interesting start to a new sci-fi series that definitely sounds very promising! I enjoyed this book quite a lot and thought it was fun to read. The pace was great since it was moving fast and kept me turning the pages with anticipation to see what would happen next! The plot was very intriguing following a cast of characters from different races in a sci-fi society filled with descrimination pretty much like our society today but also the human world where our protagonist, Harlow, returned to in her sleep as the ghost of her past human self. Therefore we do have different settings and points of view changing quite often, which made it even more interesting for me!Loved how action-packed the end was and how it left us at quite the cliffhanger, making me really excited to pick up the second book in the series, "Ruby Red" soon!However, I had a couple of problems with the book that I'd like to mention! First of all, it seemed really bad to me how in the story a lot of white characters had hairstyles like dreadlocks and cornrows, which are linked to the black community! Also, schizophrenia is attributed to a character and even though I'm no expert to the matter I wasn't at all sure about whether the state of the person represented schizophrenia in a correct way. Lastly, some comments the protagonists made about the boys around her got cheesy and annoyed me a bit!
Does it absolutely break my heart into a million pieces that the first book I read of Daniel Handler as Daniel Handler, whom I had just adored as Lemony Snicket with A Series of Unfortunate Events and All the Wrong Questions, didn't manage to get a place in my heart and probably won't keep its place in my bookself for much longer either? Yes... yes... yes...Does it tear me apart that I re-read this book 3 years after I first read it, hoping to see something now that I couldn't appreciate then, when the only thing I actually managed was to be left just as - if not even more - agigated and disappointed by the story as the first time? Oh, good God, yes.Where do I even begin explainig why I just couldn't do with this story and characters? Well, ok, ok, I know; I just found this very unrealistic and just problematic, to be honest. Yeah, that sounds like a good start.Just to be clear, a senseless, naive, superficial jerk like Ed just would never feel attracted to someone like Mia. And even if he found her amusing at first, he wouldn't be able to stand her for more than a couple of days. He wouldn't find her movie references smart. He would just find them weird and unattractive since he couldn't get them. Even if he got out with her once, he would've ditched her within a week.Same goes for Mia. She wouldn't even take a second look at him. Since she is so cultured and alternative and indie and all, she wouldn't care about him being handsome, she would've seen how low his quality was and would just detest how shallow and simple he was.And now to Mia herself. Oh my God, can I just crown her Queen of unlikeable characters? She was just like all of those drama queens that call themselves artsy and "well they just understand life better than other people, they're like so sophisticated". Girl, that is not sophisticated. That is so damn basic and just show-off, my eyes have rolled like 3 times inside my head. There are few things I'm absolute about, and those are that if Mia was all sophisticated, she would've seen how shallow Ed was and wouldn't just ditch her friends over him. Now, on Ed and Mia as a couple; just what? why? and mostly, how? How? It's so unrealistic. Those two people would never get along in real life. It's not one of those ''opposites attract" kind of situations, we're not talking about just different interests and hobbies, we're talking two different life philosophies and worlds. I don't believe Mia was going all crazy over this guy, thinking she loved him. They weren't even communicating or comprehending each other whatsoever. They couldn't get each other, they didn't understand one another, they didn't even actually know each other. And in the end, what a surprise (view spoiler)[ Ed turned out to be a cheating liar. Oh, you don't say! (hide spoiler)]. I can't, my blood is boiling in my head right now, remebering how senseless these characters and their "relationship" was.The only thing that I liked was the writing. I can't say something bad about it. It was very beautiful but not even those nice long-period sentences could save such a story. *sobs, sobs, sobs*
*I received an eARC from the publisher via Netgalley (thank you so much!) in exchange for an honest review*4.5 stars to be more preciseI found this poetry collection to be quite beautiful! Most of the poetry focused on love (sapphic one, YAS) and the inability to forget about a past love after it's over! Therefore they were quite sad and some lyrics were pretty wow! However, they got a bit repetitive and too similar at times!
*I received an eARC from the publisher via Netgalley in exchange for an honest review*Had some really mixed feelings for the first half of this book but it won me through the second half! First of all, the concept is very interesting and I thought it was quite original! The setting of the local med-school and the idea of simulated patients was very intriguing and it built a good atmosphere. The plot was also intriguing, it moved fast and it kept me turning the pages to find out what would happen next. I was guessing some plot twists a little before they happened but not in a way that annoyed me, since I feel like the story had a lot to give when it came to the effect of what was happening to the psyche of the characters. The characters themselves were quite unlikeable, like most teen characters in YA thrillers tend to be but I guess it was about sympathizing for them without having to like them.I also had to take that one star away because a lot of comments the characters were making went from ''cringey'' to problematic. I feel like they made occasional comments about things like eating disorders, mental illness, relationships, that lacked sensitivity and that would upset me at times. Big trigger warning for sexual assault as well, even though I feel like the aftermath of it was handled quite well. I think that could upset quite a few readers, but, all in all, it was a very enjoyable fast-paced thriller!
My new favorite poet, for sure!I just fell utterly in love with these poems! So, so beautiful! Exactly the poetry I adore: heart-wrenching lyrics describing the most humaine emotions of despair, of feeling lost. Like you're not living your life but you're instead watching a vessel, that is supposed to be you, experiencing it! Damn, such deep lyrics, so understanding of the human psyche and the heart-breaking urge to express one's emotions of emptiness and wish to swallow all the sorrow caused by the unimaginable beauty of life! Fernando Pessoa owns my heart now!
This has got to be one of the most brilliant books of all time! It's so smart and unlike anything else I had read before. First of all, Steinbeck's writing is so so beautiful and touching! He has a unique way of getting into your heart and soul. It truly moved me. I can't describe how gorgeous Steinbeck's writing style is. I think that only Steinbeck would be able to put into words how amazing Steinbeck is! It is remarkable how he managed to write about such sensitive and important issues - in this novel it's war - with so much success. Deeply humaine, caring and thought-provoking The Moon Is Down might be the best depiction of how war alters the human psychology. An incredible outcry against the insanity and vanity of war.
Ok, hear me out here, I know you want to read this book SO bad. You've been hearing about it everywhere and everyone's been telling you it's hard to read and shouldn't been taken light-heartedly. And, of course, when you get told you probably shouldn't do something you'd have no interest in doing, was it encouraged and not discouraged, you suddenly want to do it so much, like humans tend to do their whole existence! However, I cannot possibly point out enough how you really shouldn't read this! And I don't mean that in the "it's a bad book, don't read it" way. I mean it in the "chances are that if you fit the simple criteria of being human you are NOT mentally well enough to read this without getting drowned in a pool of misery and feelings of emptiness". This is raw and hard as heck and I beg you to check out detailed trigger warnings for this book, with the ones I find prominent being (view spoiler)[ self-harm, suicide and suicidal thoughts, severe mental health issues, child sexual abuse, child prostitution (hide spoiler)] After getting that out of the way, this is an absolutely heartbreaking story of people hurting people either willingly or due to ignorance, it's a story full of all kinds of abuse, it's a story of friendships gone either very right or very wrong, a story that fills you with emptiness, sadness, the certainty that everything is awful, corrupted and pointless when there's so much hurting in this life!Literally you just read through the protagonist's life thinking "oh, come on, what more absolute tragedy can possibly strike this one (1) person throughout one (1) lifetime?" and it always gets worse (oh, and did I mention soul-draining by any chance?)In terms of the actual story though, this long and to be honest at times a bit far-fetched plot did manage to keep me interested (and heartbroken) the whole time and even though it's a thicc @ss book it manages to not feel like it drags at all! As for the writing: I did appreciate quite a few relatable and well-written quotes, and it's definitely a professionally written story, but I just feel like the writing didn't absolutely blow me away or got a spot among the most incredibly well-written books I've ever read! Perhaps it could've been the greek translation I read being non adequate but I did read part of it from the original text and it still didn't absolutely impress me!
Oh my Gosh, I should just really give up on Ishiguro!The first book of his I read was "Never Let Me Go" which I found extremely underwhelming and after a good five years I decided to pick up this as well, since it's been sitting on my shelf for a while. But I just can't get why this man's writing fascinates.So, first, writing wise: I'm very, very underwhelmed! I'm trying to find the Nobel prize worthy writing in this and I simply can't. I've come to believe that Literature Nobels are like the Oscars. There is no characteristic writing style, no special writing to make this book memorable. Are there powerful descriptions in it? Not in my opinion. I found the descriptions to be pretty basic, like you've teached a highschool student how to craft adequate descriptions and now they repeat the pattern in all their essays, which pass the exams but are neither memorable nor special. As for the narrative, I found nothing special in it, either. If anything, the guy is constantly repeating himself, and, having read another book of his, I doubt it's for the purpose of giving his narrator a characteristic, personalised manner. Nothing appealed to me to keep reading his narration, nothing intrigued me.Plot wise: I understand this is supposed to comment on the political and social state of the specific era in the specific country, but I don't think hearing a cold, English butler being (or, more accurately, gaslighting himself to feel) so absolutely euphoric and privileged to be able to serve a fascist scumbag, with no recognition at all of the classist injustice he's going through, praising his rich master and his exhausting load of work, was the way to do it for me. Also, was there supposed to be a romantic tension between him and the woman? Cause the only thing I noticed between them was a huuuge block of ice. I saw some reviews mentioning "unrequited love" but those two people literally exchanged the most typical of sentences and had never actually communicated. The lack of emotion both in narrative and description that I saw both in this and "Never Let Me Go" really discourage me from reading any more of his books, since this author makes me feel literally nothing and I'm the kind of person that feels all the feels from the simplest things and cries because the sky is a specific colour or something, so yeah, Ishiguro, this quiet evoking of emotion through discreet writing you're trying to pull off ain't working between us...
What can I say about this letter by Oscar Wilde apart from the fact that I waited to read it with so much anticipation and excitement and it didn't disappoint at all!It warmed my heart, it broke it, it offered me some exceptional quotes that I think about daily and all I wanna say, in the end, is that OSCAR DESERVED BETTER!Lots, lots of love for "De Profundis"!
Thank you to the publisher for providing me with a review e-arc through netgalley in exchange for an honest review!But what poetry is, I don't know, nor can I speak of it. It is simply an emotion that leaps or drowns. It comes in the guise of a patriotic pose when the soul summons it. It is just a cane for one who staggers in a swaying mortal worldReading Yu Xiuhua's poems and essays in this collection (by the way, what a beautiful title for a collection: "moonlight rests on my left palm", aw, such a nice image) was a very enjoyable experience! You learn a few things about the author's life, her way of thinking and what she considers important through the intriguing essays and she seemed like a genuine, true person! The poetry has very strong feelings of longing, passion and a beautiful love of nature which is definitely very powerfully expressed through images and metaphors of nature throughout the lyrics!The themes, however, since poetical themes are such a personal and unique experience for each reader, weren't exactly my cup of tea, even though I found them very beautiful!
Damn, this was quite the disappointing read! As I was using Winterween as a great opportunity to get more into mystery/thrillers (genres I rarely read since they're not my cup of tea) I was quite let down by my first read of 2021 and of my reading experimentation! This book's premise (a woman going to this sea-side-town hotel for the summer to take a break from something painful that happened to her, which we find out about later in the story, but instead she is facing some peculiar/creepy things happening in that hotel) sounded so intriguing and started off well but didn't have the best execution as the story continued. The first half of the book was moving quite fast, while the second half was quite anticlimactic and slow. I felt like the eerie element never really took off and remained quite flat. It never got really scary or anything, either. The ending didn't satisfy me at all, it felt as if it gave a very generic explanation for the very generic plot, almost as if the author wasn't sure what she wanted to do with the concept. Also, I found this book very heavy on the romance, which I really don't like in books. I wish the trilling aspect of it was emphasized more than the romance. And while we're on that, the love interest? Oh my God, could he have been more of a stereotypical muscular, tall, leather jacket guy? I'm quite sick of that trope when it comes to love interests. Body positivity should include everyone and by creating male love interests with such a stereotypical body type we're really not giving the right message out there. Can't we have short men with bellies and loose arms as love interests? Like, please! And why were his muscles mentioned so often throughout the story, as if they had something to add to the plot, like, just stop that. Plus, he was a bit of a macho man, like not crazily macho but he did give me that annoying macho man vibe! And the way the protagonist was just trembling at his sight and felt so crazy about him was quite cliché, as well! So, all in all, even though it was a quick book to get through, I found the execution quite unsatisfying!
*I received an eARC from the publisher via Netgalley (thank you so much) in exchange for an honest review*I found Natasha T. Miller's poetry collection to be so refreshing and powerful! Heartwarming poems about family, very touching and heartbreaking poems about loss and grief that hit really hard. Deeply humaine and moving! The poems I enjoyed the most, however, were the ones talking about the experiences of black women, and all black people in general. The racism, the homophobia, the police violence, the problematic and toxic way white people react. Some lyrics are so necessarily raw and hard-hitting and I adored the way the author expressed herself both in terms of language and theme! A really great collection!
This was just PHENOMENAL. George Orwell has to be one of the biggest writing geniuses ever! If you are unsure about reading this book, thinking 'how can a book written in the 40s possibly be any interesting?', oh my friend, you are SO wrong. This isn't just one of those books that get a place in those 'greatest books of all time' lists just for being old. This is a masterpiece . It will captivate you from the very first sentence. I'm assuring you; it truly deserves your time, money and eternal appreciation. George Orwell was not only ahead of his time in terms of imagination, since he chose such an original and innovative idea but in terms of writing, too. The story is fast-paced and enganging and he manages to convey the thrilling atmosphere of this terrifying society. A real page-turner. Coming from someone who isn't really 'touched' by thrillers or horror novels, I have to say that Orwell's writing did such a great job on giving me the creeps. I was seriously thrilled and fascinated. Maybe what's so special about the story is that the concept of a society like this isn't as abstract or futuristic as we like to think. Maybe it scared me because it's a reasonable, realistic thing to worry about. I'm not sure whether Orwell should be cosidered an author or a prophet. But, no matter which one it is, he undoubtedly created the best dystopia possible. And now, coming back down to Earth for a second, I have a burning question for all of you that condemned this piece of art with a 2 star rating because you found the characters to be under-developed, superficial etc ; of course everyone is entitled to the right to have a different opinion but, did you read the book ? Under-developed ? Are you kidding me? We are talking about a dystopian society that keeps its citizens in the dark, demands having constant control over them, doesn't allow them to do anything creative and, in generally, wants them to be an unvarying mass with no freedom that can't think or make decisions for itself. The characters are supposed to lack deeper personality and specific features. That's the whole point! If anuthing, it's the writer doing a terrific job forming suitable characters.
I did read this book pretty late and thought that maybe I wouldn't love it as much as I expected. But I realised that this is one of those YA dystopians that are really, really worth the hype. Apart from the fast-paced, agonizing plot and the well fleshed-out characters, what I most liked in this book was the world-building. The author managed to make a great dystopian society, super creepy and, in a way, very realistic! Truly enjoyed this!
Shocks the reader with probably one of the biggest plot twists in book history! If you are looking for a book that will provide you the element of surprise that you may have missed lately, this it it!
When a man writes something, he's judged for what he writes. When a woman does the same, she's judged for who she is. Such a lovely graphic novel! Helped me learn a lot of things about the Brontë sisters that I didn't know, while being a really fun, quick read!Really appreciated that it was strong on the feminism and felt really badass. I think it's a great gift for young girls that are into writing to encourage them to embrace their skills and work on them! Plus, the art style was super pretty and created a nice, simultaneously dark and cute atmosphere to accompany the story of the siblings!Lovely!
The main thematic of "My Greenhouse" is the author's first love and heartbreak. Even though, I completely respect the nature of that theme and take into account how young the author is and the fact that this is her debut collection, I found the poems to be way too simple. I didn't find anything memorable or unique in them and felt like the themes were explored a bit superficially and just way too simplistically!This really wasn't my kind of poetry but I know a lot of people really enjoyed it and I can definitely say that if you enjoy simple, Rupi-Kaur-like poetry, you should pick this book up!
I'm sure this is now my favorite book of all time! The perfect closing to an epic series. Getting over the book hangover this one left me with will be a lot harder that usual, since the heart-pounding/melting feeling this masterpiece leaves you with isn't one you'll ever forget! These amazing characters will stay with you long after you put the book down; and that is if you are able to put it down, since this page-turner is one you'll reread many, many times in order to revisit the unforgettable universe of the Lunar Chronicles!
"All I ever wanted was a world without maps." Now, I didn't absolutely adore this book the way I wished I could but I did fell in love with it in just the way I thought I would and it still managed to make me feel a certain type of way. And by certain, I mean entirely mesmerized! First of all, I have to note that I got to this book because the movie adaptation is one of my favorite movies of all-time. It never fails to move me and I find it truly magical. So, I really wanted to try reading the book, as well, even though I knew there were quite a few differences when it comes to which parts of the story/characters are more widely presented. I dislike comparing books to their adaptations, and I won't do that now either, having in mind that each form of art lacks in specific elements while it thrives in others and that literature and cinema are different things. However, I have to say that while I watch that movie quite often since it's one of my absolute favs, I wouldn't reread the novel with the same ease, for the following reasons: One, the story developed in a very absurd way and sequence; POVs and periods in time kept changing rapidly and it got hard to follow in quite some parts. To be honest, I'm pretty sure I wouldn't have been able to understand most of it if I hadn't watched the movie first. Two, as much as I adored the writing style, the plot moved quite slowly in some parts and, with the weird narration I just mentioned, resulted in making the book a bit hard to get through easily. I mean, at some point there are 7 pages describing in way too much detail one of Kip's missions to defuse a bomb - no quotes/character's thoughts involved - and ... well, I could've certainly gone on without that. Now, the writing and the quotes. Those beautiful quotes. The writing style was very poetic and sensual and offered a realistic, yet absolutely swooning view of love and relationships. The quotes are just so heart-felt. Plus, there's a very important outcry against racism and war present throughout the book, which only makes the whole thing even better!!
'Posies' is a poetry collection that perfectly combines aesthetically pleasing writing and deep content which doesn't lose its essence by being put into constraining lyrics. Gosh, I wish I could lyrics that have this kind of musicality while keeping the meaning of what I'm trying to say intact! I was delighted to find out that this book didn't resemble other modern-day poetry collections that just consist of few words being separated by space bars and fancy punctuation - a genre I fail to enjoy. Instead, 'Posies' kept the more traditional form of poetry while the subjects presented couldn't be more relevant to today."Omnipresence of Life and Death": This first part beautifully reflects people's fear of mortality and the worry if managing to live our lives fully enough so we can accept death - or at least not have regrets - when he comes. The poems have a special climax so the reader is, at first, horrified, thinking about the inevitability of death and about how short existence truly is and, then, is soothened by the idea that happiness and its pursuit can help ease the agonizing fear of perishing. It's very special how such scary thoughts brought me almost a sense of relief through the aesthetic lyrics and the knowledge that someone else has the same unanswered, torturing questions and has transformed them into touching poetry. The poem that stood out to me was "The Await of Spring", as I deeply appreciate references to nature and the analogy of human emotions to the seasons and functions of the natural environment."My Mood of Quarantine": Getting to the second part, we move from the trouble caused to us by trying to find our place in the universe, to the trouble caused by trying to find our place within ourselves. This part's definitely heart-felt and the climax can be clearly seen here as well, since we start with pessimistic poems about the helplessness of trying to discover how to be sane and we finish up with "The Bygone Hoax" which starts off with sad lyrics and ends with a beautiful message of self-acceptance and growth that I think readers will find most encouraging. However, the poem I felt the closes to was "A Lover's Lament", since I felt some lyrics very deep in my heart."Modern Woes": The book continues with the very sensitive subject of mental health. 'Modern Woes' feels like a powerful outcry against the ignorance people tend to show to mental health issues. In this part, issues like depression and anxiety are presented gently, yet bare, no sugarcoating and most defintely, no taboo, since the author herself states that mental heatlh should be treated in the same way physical health is. This part includes some of the most raw lyrics of the whole book that perfectly put into metaphors the feeling of despair. It represents the sadness that overflows us when we seem to not have an obvious reason to be sad. Poems like "Locked in An Inferno" felt like a cry for help with lyrics that most of us can relate to. And if not relate, at least get alarmed by the need to check on our loved ones show interest in their mental health."The Eternal Utopia": After the heart-breaking poetry that came first, we now enter a still melancholic, but now inspiring and encouraging part to make up our moods XD. I think this is best represented by "I Smell and Reek Today", which we saw before us a sorrowful poem, giving its place to a different, revived version of itself. To me"The Eternal Utopia" represents the part of us that, admitting to not being okay, fights to find happiness in everything - and succeeds."Myriad Shades of Love": This part is, as the title indicates, dedicated to love, in all of its forms and expressions, with an emphasis on romantic love. Words spoken with pure idealism - which might be exaggerating for some - by a person that seems to hold a lot of devotion in their heart. Especially, a verse from "A Love Letter" manage to speak to me.''A Quest of Self-Worthiness": Another heartfelt fragment about trying hard to fit in and about doubting your worth. As a teenager in the process of finding who I wanna be and then sadly realizing that that's not who the world wants me to be, I appreciated these words, with 'A Writer" being my favorite one."Celebrating the Only Constant; Books": OMG, I was so excited to find a part dedicated to books!! Perfect for bibliophiles and authors/poets alike."Nature Never Did Betray": As I said before, I am a sucker for poems hailing the beauty of nature and connecting it with moods. The beauty of nature does motivate both our melancholy and will to fight for happiness, and I found that thought present in the poetry of this fragment."A Monochrome of Meaninglessness": Wow... this part. Just... this part. It took my breath away in the sense that it left me breathless, panting while reading. It was almost scary, the anxious sequence of lyrics describing the emotions caused to people by the fast-paced, nervous rhythms of modern life in complicated societies that make us feel detached from others and from ourselves. That's what this section represented for me."The Other Sex": Now, this was the real deal. Hands down my favorite section of the book, it called my feminist soul to participate in the ongoing revolution for women's rights! I viewed this last part as a celebration of how all women can be equally badass even though they lead different lifestyles and have different priorities. As a celebration of the equality women before us achieved with hard battles. I have to leave a trigger warning here for subjects like sexual abuse being mentioned - however keep in mind that such sensitive issues are handled with lyrical care. Damn, though, these poems hit phallocracy and patriarchy in the guts. An epic denouncement of toxic masulinity and violence against women. A powerful outcry against the stereotypical roles given to women, against the second place they've given us. To be honest, I haven't seen such strong lyrics about feminism since the 90s punk-rock Grrrl Riot!
*Thank you to NetGalley for this ARC in exchange for an honest review.Definitely a heart-warming, wholesome collection of thoughts around self-love and acceptance, that could certainly cheer you up if you are in need of a boost of self-confidence. I really appreciated the distinction between thinkers and feelers, as well! As poetry, though, it didn't particularly blow me away or impress me!
I unfortunately found this novella to be so very disappointing! The characters were way too unlikeable, with very unrealistic reactions to the things that were happening to them and the only thing they seemed to carea about was who had been in a relationship with whom in their "friend group". It felt cringy to read about them : ( Also, I felt like little explanation was given about the plot and the folk factor that I was very excited to see didn't feel present or incorporated into the story as much as I'd like to.
When I started this I thought that it at least had a better atmosphere than the first one but ... *sighs* ... it was so repetitive and just hard to get through. And the whole concept was just so ridiculous - I couldn't take anything that was happening seriously, which made it even more tiring. Will say that the writing is worth respect and some appreciation, though.
Shirley Jackson created such a unique thrilling atmosphere in this book. She definitely is one of the most special contributors in the structuring of gothic horror. Although I was waiting for a plot twist that never came, I realize that it's not really a plot-driven story; as I saw it, it was much more about the characters. The protagonist's twisted and bizarre thoughts and words as well as the disturbed psychology of all the other characters were super creepy and managed to keep me intrigued.
Time makes us sentimental. Perhaps, in the end, it is because of time we suffer.Oh my Lord, this book; so so special and just unbelievably magical. Not only is the breathtaking scenery of Italy in the summer the best possible setting ever but the writing and the quotes are just so gorgeous. The quotes are so deep but in a humane and realistic way and Elio describes emotions and thoughts that most of us are having but find them too embarassing to express. This is not only a story of love, longing, heartache but also of life and the passing of time that has a funny way of getting to us!
This book was just hmmm, ugh...I do realize that for its time it was probably super spooky and kind of a groundbreaking thriller and it did manage to build a thrilling and a bit of an intense atmosphere but the writing style really tired and irritated me. Especially the dialogues. The characters spoke to each other in sentences that they left incomplete and just repeated each other's words, which was very dull and annoying. Also, I can't really say that I understood what was actually going on. I didn't make any sense of the ending, mostly because the rest of the story had been developing so slowly that when I finally got to ending after what felt like ages when it was just a few pages, I wasn't even interested into trying to work out an explanation with my mind that had, by then, gone sleepy.
Ugh, this book didn't let me love it as much as I was willing to...On the one hand, it was enlightening to learn about selective mutism and the parts about the protagonist's anxiety disorder and struggle felt quite realistic.However, since I'm not going through such issues myself I can't help but feel that maybe selective mutism isn't depicted as realistically and as raw as it could (and perhaps) should be depicted . And the reason why I feel that way is because it felt like the whole situation was being sugarcoated by the romance, which was way too cheesy, cliché and unnaturally ideal for my own taste.
Best Kazantzakis' book I've read so far! As I see it, this is a book Christianity needs. God is presented as the caring, forgiving instructor of humanity and not as a tyrant Christians should fear. Religion is presented as the inspirational and motivational faith that grows along with all other aspects of one's personality without overshadowing them. I mean, this book is so soft and important, needed especially in times when the church wants to use its power to direct people towards prejudice. It just filled my heart with peace and happiness; it's really sad that Kazantzakis was judged and accused for providing people with a book that shows Christ as a humaine figure with passions and weaknesses, instead of the distant immaculate figure that makes it hard for people to love and believe in Him. Also, a big shoutout for Mary the Magdalene getting the appreciation she deserves - it made my soul so happy! All in all, to everyone who has the maturity to realise that faith is something that should come from your heart, sincerely, and not from typical rules that stop you from living your life; this is gonna warm your heart!!
Is this the best book of all time? Actually, let me rephrase that; This is the best book of all time! Affirmative. "Yeah, but, like what do you mean 'the best book of all time'? How does one define 'best'?You could say 'best book of a specific genre' but..." Shhhhhhhh... Don't go giving me a hard time here. The situation is very simple; this is an incredibly important book. The writing is absolutely stunning and - along with the story - really manages to get to your soul, while treating its serious theme with all the rightful respect and raw realism that is needed. The characters are all very well fleshed-out and throughout the story you really connect with them and care about them so deeply. And with creating a connection to the characters the book manages to show you the importance of pointing out the devastating tragedy of WWII. Especially the narrative by Death is so emotional and it's just a great outcry against the insanity of war, a hymn for love and peace and how important it is to remember the shameful past of humanity and never again repeat it. This book just gets you so invested in the lives of the people on Himmel street and how the war turns them upside down. It's just so important and unique and I can't find the right words to describe how it made me feel. I could even say that a book has never made me feel this exact way before! I would recommend this book to literally everyone. You don't have to be a fan of historical fiction, you don't have to think that it's a subject you'd be interested in. And also, whoever labeled this as YA was not in their right mind. Although - and everyone should hear this - YA books are the hidden gems of literature and adults are really irritating when they pass on/snob down on a book just because it's YA - I mean, that's so frustrating, people. Anyway, my point is; this book should be labeled only as "super important to read"!This is just THE book!
What I appreciated about this book was the way it explored the themes of religion and faith; how religion affects people's life, how different people handle faith and, most importantly, how the fanatic attachment to religious typicalities and an "empty" faith controlled by fear and ignorance can end up seriously harmful. Kazantzakis was much ahead of his time for questioning the power of the church and how it could delude the people. However, the whole story dragged and a lot of incidents were "interrupting" thd main plot. Also, as with Zorbas the Greek, I struggled trying not to cringe at the way women were treated and thought of. Hopefully, however, those are opinions supported by the characters and not Kazantzakis himself.
If you're happy in a dream, does that count?Mmm, now that's a lovely little book that filled my soul with calmness! It's the kind of literary fiction that pretty much bases its excellence on its writing to be honest, that just pleases you with words and pretty descriptions that leave you with that nonchalant sense of being satisfied with the vibe that the lyrical writing has left you with! It's all about reading those incredibly bizarre yet poetic descriptions of things you could never expect reading about the way you do, that can only result from a beautifully hazy train of lyrical thought!The plot and the origin of the characters' problems isn't explored in a very logical way or in a sequence that makes sense easily! If anything, it's pretty hazy, since the essence of the book is not the story itself as a whole but the sensation each poetically-written scene leaves you with! As I felt it, t's more about being swallowed up by the emotion the characters express through the writing than about the story of the characters itself. However, apart from the absolutely gorgeous quotes and the heartfelt writing, another major factor that made me adore it was how you got to see quite a lot about the history of India through the story, with the two main focuses obviously being the effects of colonization and the hierarchical organization of the Indian society, from the 60s through the 90s! We see how the castes play a huge and tragic role in shaping the lives of the characters and the relationships between them and we get a taste of the spread of the communist ideology in the district of Kemala after the liberation of India!A story that I ate up with much love for its absolutely GORGEOUS writing that made my heart soft!
Such an inspirational story of strenght, will power and determination! It's really sad how unthankful we can be; some people have much, much less than us but spend much, much less time nagging and achieve truly remarkable things.
I have to clear out that this book didn't absolutely blow my mind like I thought it would or like it did for so many other people. Mostly, the 4 stars are for the good writing and the smart plot. I very much needed to read something like this, considering I hadn't read this kind of fantasy in a while when I picked this book up, but, even though I found the concept super interesting, I thought it was a bit slow and hard to focus on from time to time. However, since this universe and concept managed to capture me, I'd gladly pick up the sequel and anything else this author publishes in the future.
This book is a perfect example of my relationship with Stephen King: I'm hyped to read a book of his, I start it and I'm excited, I'm loving this, halfway through I'm like ... "this is a bit slow, let's finish this and not read Stephen KIng for a while", near the end I'm like "what was I saying, this is brilliant", I finish it and it leaves me feeling very, very satisfied, but I still call off reading my next Stephen King pick. After some months I get hyped again ... and the same thing happens all over again! Even though this book did take me an entire month to finish and got slow at times, it never truly make me feel bored. And, in the end, I didn't think any part of it was unnecessary. And that says a lot for a one thousand three hundred-page book. Of course the atmosphere built in IT was super creepy and uncomfortable, coming from the King of Horror. but like some more of Stephen King's books, I found this making me feel uneasy in a more deeply psychological, subconsious way. In a way I found this book to be about time and childhood and how when you grow up the monsters under your bed go away but so does your ability to create unbelievably peculiar thoughts! It got in my head in a very, very eerie way and I was creeped out, but also super here for it!
Now this beautiful book!If you pick this up the synopsis will probably have you thinking "Not my type of book" BUT this gorgeous tale is for EVERYONE who wants a heartbreaking/warming story to move them! The great emotional depth and perfect doses of smart and melancholic humour of this will leave you with a bittersweet feeling in your heart. Full of wise realizations about the injustice of society and life and powerful messages against racism that build up throughout the course of the story. One of the most touching books I've read. It earned a very special place in my heart!
There are two ways for one to interpret this book;On the one hand, you could view this as a thriller with a very spooky atmosphere, raw descriptions and, probably, the best and most frightening depiction of a "psycho killer". This story is all about the world of scents, a world we can't quite capture and comprehend with our given senses, unlike our protagonist. The way smells and the character's understanding of them are presented is so surreal that they're challenging to perceive; it blew me away. This book has a very unique writing and plot. It's almost haunting.However, it is possible to take this one step further and consider this novel as a big metaphor of the way society works. As an outcry reporting the humanity humans lack of. Perfume can be much more than a deeply psychological thriller, since it has a philosophical aspect to it. It feels as if the hideous human smells the protagonist is so disgusted by could work as an analogy for the cruelty of humans who treat each other so heartlessly and take advantage of one another with such ease. The character finds people and the superficial relationships between them repulsive and wants to hide away from them and make himself their God, even though he feels like everyone is his inferior. And ... I don't know... that felt so realistic considering people's tendancy to preach how civilized they are when, in reality, humans are the worst beasts.
If you're anything like me, you strongly dislike self-help books with generic, senseless advice like "if you want to be a positive person, make positive thoughts'' that suggest rich-people solutions to your phychological dead-ends, like "take a trip to Bali to find yourself and release your inner strenght by lighting up overpriced candles''. This isn't that kind of book. This is a collection of lectures that you''ll wish you could've attended. These are the thoughts of the most adorable man whom we can't hug, whose cheeks we're unfortunately not able to squeeze. This is the book to read when you're feeling a bit lost. Buscaglia doesn't stick to strict vocabulary or theories that require a diploma for you to understand. He's real and simple, the two things modern-day self-help books lack in. Highly recommend that you read anything this ray of sunshine has written!
...Ugh...This didn't live up to my expectations - or to its reputation for that matter.I very much appreciated some beautiful quotes in this book and the whole philosophical search for the path to follow in life, the questions about God and existence. And I get that for its time it was very special and perhaps, innovative but most of it just got on my nerves. I didn't get what was so great about Zorbas and why he should be a role model. I was let down by the way women where treated and shown in the book (especially by Zorbas). They were depicted weak, depedent on men and I understand that's the general era the story is set in but I just couldn't deal with it - the whole "morality" Zorbas presented was getting on my nerves, to be honest.
A very absorbing poetry collection with intriguing themes that I enjoyed much more than the other poetry collection of his that I read, "Illuminations". Focused on the human nature, the will to either sink into one's sins or release themselves from them, with beautiful lyrics about morality!
*I received an eARC from the publisher via Netgalley (thank you so much) in exchange for an honest review*I tend to be very reluctant when it comes to modern poetry that follows unconventional forms and patterns of writing and expression, since it's usually not my cup of tea, but I really appreciated this one. The poems about sexual assault were very sincere, bold and needed, even though they were definitely hard-hitting and I'd say trigger warning for this subject is required. Loved the own voices poems of the author's experiences as non-binary, which made a loud statement to society and I was very impressed about how smart and original the concepts of the poems were (one my favorite examples being "Trigger/"!) Very well-executed collection that I'd highly recommend even to readers reluctant to pick up modern poetry!
This book was just an unbelievable MASTERPIECE! Where do I even begin? The genius plot? It's one of those "one in a million" stories that just leave you wondering: ''how the hell did they come up with that"? I mean, everyone knows Pratchett and Gaiman are two of the most imaginative authors of all time and their collaboration was just the best thing ever! Good Omens was just so special and innovative. The end of the world; such classic thing, used so many times, but never like this! Such a fresh, cool idea! Every single sentence was a work of art, following its previous in an absorbing sequence of sheer writing excellence. Two incredible authors proving their talent and neverending inspiration line by line! Don't you even get me started on the humour! So, so brilliant. No more cliche, slapstick, gigglish jokes. Actual. Smart. Humour. That's what the world needs. This is what this book is all about. Quality humour. No mediocrities. And somehow, as if the smart satire, the never-seen-before plot and the classy lines weren't enough, Pratchett and Gaiman managed to enrich the story with very well fleshed-out characters - absolute cutie pies, if you'll allow me - and important messages about humanity and the need to give an end to war and pollution. Just unbelievable!
How do I put my thoughts into words? How about... what in the world went wrong with this book? Everything was happenning so fast, it felt as if it lacked all sorts of development and explanations and the plot was moving so hastily. And that's not even my problem. The problem is; how am I supposed to view the presented relationship as sweet, heartwarming, romantic? (view spoiler)[ I get that they made a deal with her agreement and that they fell in love in the end and she really liked him from the beginning and blah, blah, blah, whatever. But, my dear friends - and this is not a feminism attack, just pure logic speaking - I don't think this is at all romantic or ideal and it shouldn't be romanticized. He was practically harrassing her, at least in the beginning. He made a deal with her that was practically blackmailing and THAT IS JUST NO WAY TO APPROACH ANOTHER HUMAN BEING, NO MATTER HOW IN LOVE WITH THEM YOU ARE, THAT IS NO EXCUSE, LIKE OMG, I'M SO ANGRY. I can't believe there are people who actually see this as a perfect, worth-being-jealous-of romance. Your opinions are, however, respected. I just really disliked the way his actions were romanticized. Hopefully the movie won't romanticize toxic masculinity! (hide spoiler)]
A powerful message against war told through the innocence of a child who realizes better than anyone how insane and illogical hatred between people is. I accept the fact that it's not the best, neither the most accurate book about the Holocaust but I think it still does a great job on spreading the importance of peace!
Thank you to the publisher for providing me with a review e-arc through netgalley in exchange for an honest review!Wow, this book was so much different from what I expected it to be and from what the premise makes it look like it'll be!At first I thought this was just going to be some dark erotic thriller containing the sugar-daddy element and, even though I hoped for an undertone of right representation of sexual harassment, this serious story of a young gay survivor trying to deal with the absolutely heartbreaking consequences of living under continuous sexual abuse, was not at all what I expected!We follow our protagonist, Jonah, through his attempt to be a successful playwright while he tries to make it financially and tolerate his job as a waiter, as he finds out about the older and wealthy playwright, Richard, and starts an affair with him with the hope of becoming popular in the field and wanting to make the most out of all the luxurious lifestyle Richard has to offer! However, Richard is far from a kind-hearted partner wanting to spoil his young lover with gifts and we slowly unravel his disgusting, abusive, manipulative and violent self through little incidents of molestation at first and then with the heart-breaking, absolutely terrifying turn of events when he promises Jonah a fun getaway at an idyllic house that turns out to be pretty much a summer-house of horrors!I found the exploration of the feelings going through the mind of such a heavily-abused person to be so needed and the insight of how sexual-abuse survivors are terrified to seek justice and saddened to be left known just as someone's victim through Jonah's experience are interesting subjects to see!However, I would very much like to point out that this is a far too triggering book when it comes to subjects such as sexual abuse and r*pe and maybe you shouldn't pick it up if you aren't in the right place for it!
Illuminatiions is the first Rimbaud's poetry collection I've ever read and I am very impressed by his writing, even though the kind of themes he wrote about aren't my favorite to see in poetry and not that close to my heart. His writing skill can't be disputed, though!
There was a peculiar scent to grief. It smelt of damp, imperfectly ventilated church halls and poor-quality teabags. It smelt of meals for one and stale cigarettes, smoked hunched against the cold. It smelt of spritzed hair and armpits, little practical victories against a morass of despair The only reason why I got into this book was because my mom had bought it - even though I had advised her against it - and so it was on my shelves. Having loved Me Before You I was prejudiced that it's the kind of book that doesn't need a sequel! I just couldn't see what one could do with the story that would be interesting! I wish I could say that it changed my mind but, as I had predicted, it really didn't do it for me. In the beginning, it was much better than I expected; I started thinking that maybe showing what happened to Louisa after the ending of the first book in a way that shows the struggles of grief (I absolutely loved the quote in bold, for example) might be a good idea. You have to view this almost completely separated from the first book if you want to give it a try, anyways. But just as I had begun to appreciate the kinda fair represantation of dealing with loss, (view spoiler)[stuff got crazy. The introduction of Will's long lost daughter felt like those overdramatic soap operas. She was really hard to like, like all the characters in this book. The whole story with her and Lou and whatever, felt so unnecessary. Also, even though I had no problem with providing Lou with a love interest since the represantation of moving-on-even-if-it-seems-wrong felt quite alright, the romance was pretty cheesy. Plus, Sam getting shot at the end and then fully recover was just such an exaggeration. Like what was that for? (hide spoiler)] A big amount of this book just got on my nerves. Won't be reading the last one :|
The graceful, enchanting poetry sure unlocked a very special place in my heart where emotions of melancholy and lust for life and spiritual thoughts I hadn't even known or felt before inhabit! So so so beautiful!
So freaking atmospheric and beautifulBefore I get to why I liked this book so much, I'd like to make it clear that I'm not the right person to encourage or discourage you from reading this book based on what kind of books you usually enjoy. And that is because I myself can't figure out whether I'm the kind of person that would love this (therefore my love for it makes sense) or it's not the kind of book I'd typically enjoy this much (therefore we can all say 'oh, my, what a surprise'). I honestly can't tell. Well, firstly, this is supposed to be an objectively slow book. It is an objectively slow book Personally, I didn't find it to be slow at all but maybe that's because I was so in love with the gorgeous aesthetic and writing that kept gripping me and made me feel like I couldn't turn the pages fast enough. But I do realize that it's an objectively slow book. And this is the point where I understand that this reading experience among a few others I've had recently have made me realize that I'm in a point in my reading life where my tastes seem to be changing. I used to dislike long, analytic descriptions and wanted more dialogue and fast-paced plot. Now and for the past two-ish years I just long for long (see what I did there?) descriptions, and care very much for the writing to be poetic and lyrical and sentimental and special. I give a lot of attention to the writing. I also seem to have less and less tolerance for shallow characters and tropes and prefer either YA books that are certainly more well-written and not that light-hearted or just adult reads. It was weird at first but it's just my reading tastes evolving along with myself as I read more and more. And now because I've turned this review into a declaration of my identity-as-a-reader crisis, let's talk about how beautiful this book is. First of all, I get why the plot felt peculiar to a lot of people but I feel like that's exactly what pulled me into the story. I loved how the book played with the sense of time. I love all books that mess up with time. I loved how it wasn't about explaining the world-building thoroughly but instead about being swept by the way magic works, through the author's words and decriptions. I love all books that do that and my undying love for The Raven Cycle can prove it. I just love how the magic of The Night Circus and its members wasn't put into fancy vocabulary and analytic explanations of how it works, or why it works the way it does. I much prefer exactly what the book did, with the gorgeous writing letting the magic makes its way to your soul and heart and not into charts in your brain. But that's obviously my cup of tea and it doesn't mean it'll work for you, too.Now, the writing in this book was everything . So magical, with mesmerizing descriptions and beautiful quotes that built perfectly aesthetic scenes and made it so, so atmospheric! Conclusion; if you're looking for the kind of things I presented in the past few sentences, then that's the book for you. If, however, something didn't sound quite right; The Night Circus is still a great book but not the kind of great book you need to read at the moment!
Alex Gino delivers yet another super important, super soft and cute story that completely warms your heart! So many aspects in this that I absolutely adored and think are needed more in all literature and especially middle grade! From the asexual representation that I was really glad to see, since it's hard to find and an overlooked rep that is, however, very important, to the conversation around pronouns, this book includes so much representation for the LGBTQIA+ community and the young people who start to question their sexuality and/or gender identity. People who think that children these ages are "too young to know" or who say uneducated stuff like "accepting a child as asexual implies that other children are sexual" (especially that second one is such a stupid, nonsensical argument ignorant boomers use, ugh), are just here to ruin our happiness and you shouldn't even bother with them!Along with the LGBTQIA+ rep, there's also so much about overcoming toxic friendship, like Rick managed to do with Jeff, and finding comfort in unexpected people, like Rick's lovely grandfather!All in all, such a lovely, warm, soft, heartfelt story with very important representation that made my soul feel all thr good feels! Highly recommend!
*I received an eARC from the publisher via Netgalley (thank you so much!) in exchange for an honest review*Now this book was a weird journey! It started off as a 3-star read, then as it progressed I was like "ok, I'm giving this 2 stars" and somehow the ending made me want to give it 4 stars! Point is, we better get to the bottom of this!First of all, I don't normally read that much romance, actually I choose YA books that are just romance very rarely, but this one caught my interest, since it labeled itself as "inspired by the 80s film Weird Science" and oh well no matter how silly those 80s teen rom-coms are they still got that vibe to them that's kinda nice, you know! So, I had to read this! But since I'm not a big romance fan, please note that some things that I found cheesy or too-much might be things romance lovers enjoy!So, at first, even though I was very much enjoying myself with this funny lil story, some things got to my nerves a bit! Like, the two protagonists had just created a living, breathing human and the only thing our main protagonist seemed to care about was how cute that new life looked and wanted to date him immediately. Like, girl, aren't you interested to know how that sci-fi event suddenly occured in your life? I get that wasn't the point of the book and how it was supposed to be focused of the romance and not explaining it, but still it felt weird how the protagonist didn't seem to care at all. Also, all she ever talked about or thought of was when she'd kiss the guy and the whole "not-like-popular-girls-I-haven't-been-kissed" trope was a bit annoying and got quite repetitive. Plus, all she started to care about was Guy (the guy) and she was ignoring her friends or getting mad at them for no reason, just because they couldn't stand listening to her talking about Guy all the time. And ignoring her friends over romance was so annoying! Yeah, as you can understand I didn't exactly adore the main character!However, after a few more annoying things happened, it got so much more enjoyable towards the ending with all the drama that went down. And the very ending was definitely what won my 4 stars! It was so cute! I was waiting for it to happen the entire book and it was so cuuute! I actually let my phone down and smiled like an idiot to the point where I had an existential-reader crisis thinking whether I should actually start reading more romance. So that means the ending was very good and satisfying! Plus (I don't consider this a spoiler but some people might so I'll hide this anyway even though I don't want to) the (view spoiler)[unexpected ace rep (hide spoiler)] made my heart so happy!
How do I even start commenting on this, perhaps new all-time favourite, controversial book, the dark academia classic that everyone either absolutely loves or hates 🖤 So, after spending enough time on the "dark academia aesthetic" corners of tumblr and bookstagram, I knew I really wanted to check this one out, without really knowing what to expect. And what ended up happening was falling head over heels for it! I think every reason I can present for loving this is, objectively, a great reason to hate it, so whoever wants to call me insane for adoring this, you're so right, I wish I could hate this book, too! I just really adored the aesthetic of this, like OMG, as if starting my uni life with online classes wasn't bad enough, reading 'The Secret History' made it so much worse, cause I was so freaking jealous of that campus life! Hanging out in an old library, wooden bookshelves, yellowish pages, broken spines of heavy hardcovers of ancient greek literature! And I'm there, in knee socks and stripped ties over white shirts, fighting over syntax with some overly murderous people I shouldn't be considering my friends cause they're the most immoral people ever but, oh well, we'll get to that! But, just, I couldn't take in enough of the cold, dark scenery of the campus or the endlessly relaxing sensation of the scenes taking place in Francis' isolated country home! Maybe the characters themselves weren't using it for good causes at all, if anything they totally misunderstood the point of everything they read, but still the many scenes of book reading, knowledge hunting, ancient text admiration going on in this were so beautiful, I just want to cry! Also, as a greek person, seeing characters obssess over ancient greek and seeing passages in ancient greek as I read was very pleasant! However, the characters themselves were the complete opposite of lovable! Not just morally grey but just truly immoral. Well, not all of them for the entirety of the book, but most of them for most of it(I'm looking right at you, Richard, Henry & Charles)! How they justified murder and tried to convince themselves and each other it was for the best, aaahh, it just messes up with your brain. They're so, so unlikeable and annoying but so intriguing to keep reading from. What I found exceptionally interesting about them was the way in which they seemed to have either no feelings at all or were able to express the most tender emotions! Henry not giving a damn about how his actions affect others but when it comes to flowers he's the sweetest man alive, and he won't stop taking care of his roses and he is concerned that the snow will kill all the plants (oh my god, could that be my future as an aspiring plant mom?). Their mad love for philosophy and ancient literature in contrast to their indifference for the world around them is astonishing, since they'd spend hours debating the morality of a story while not questioning their own ✨murderous✨ actions! I feel like the book itself wanted to show how the characters were more in love with the aesthetic of life than actual life itself. They loved words, but not people, they loved their fellow human beings in pretty literary theories, but not in real life! So, I understand how a lot of readers dnfd this book or disliked it because they couldn't relate to the characters, but as I saw it, the point was to absolutely detest them (did I hate Henry's guts? yes. am I helplessly in love with him? also yes.) and see that their academic activity and the knowledge they possesed couldn't necessarily make them better people, if anything they misinterpreted a big part of it and used their passion to justify immoral actions. In a nutshell, they're just a bunch of too self-conscious college kids that spend most of their time on a drunk/high state and pretend that their love for ancient greek texts is enough of a reason to go around being murderous. As for the writing, I don't think there's much to be said. The author does a great job conveying the mysterious, agonizing atmosphere and the mysticism that's "in the air" and it just keeps you turning the pages, wanting to find out what the eerie atmosphere is all about. However, about halfway through, the "murder mystery" and the exploration of its aftermath are done and we follow the character, which seems quite anticlimactic and weird at first, I'll admit that, but I feel like it was an important way to gradually show how the friendship of the group was a very toxic façade. All of the book consists of beautiful descriptions and lovely quotes that really match its aesthetic, even though it is not the most mind-blowing writing I've ever read! All in all ... yeah, I still cannot defend my love for this book properly, or explain it logically, I just loved it!
I was about to declare myself done with this author; I had loved some of his older books, while others were quite upsetting (we all know I'm talking about 'Looking for Alaska') and I had reached a point where I wasn't sure I wanted to read 'Turtles all the way down' when its release was first announced. I'm more than glad I gave John Green another chance , however, since he definitely proved me wrong with his most mature work so far! The feelings that this book conveys... oh my Gosh, I was so amazed! The representation felt very real and I was just SO thankful this one was NOT romance-centered but instead focused on the protagonist's meantal health struggles and the importance of true, unproblematic friendship that doesn't ask for favors in return for being there for the person you care about.Truly beautiful!
The first book I read as a kid!Totally loved it!!!
I wish I could actually be a student in one of his classes... This is one of my favourite books.. So well written
I was given this book as a gift and was a bit sceptical about the way it was written but I really and truly enjoyed it!So 1 Denmark here I come 2 now I know there is proof that being cozy can make your life better in long-term 3 I'm not the only one obsessed with candles home decor and good quality food 4 hygge was what I was missing
it was the very first time that I was genuinely pissed off with a heroine of a book!I didn't even like the end...I don't know why I read it till the end!
The first time that I don't know how to rate a book...the original book is a masterpiece But I really like zombies...
I really liked the story!I just couldn't finish it!
Whaaaaat?! I was bored to death (first 156 pages) and then BOOM I couldn't put the damn book down!I said I wouldn't read the next book but now I have to know! I canna do anything else...
If only there were more stars to rate... If only it was 28th of February 2016...I CAN'T WAIT all those months!!!!The best book I've read so far!(this year)
I really like it!so cute story
Not as good written as the infernal devices
Read it a few years back and totally loved it!The characters-the story-EVERYTHING
it was an ok read!I really enjoyed the curse workers and had the same expectations for this book too...she writes in a total different style!I'm a bit confused on how to rate this book actually,I really enjoyed some parts of it,on the other hand it became interesting from page 150...and the end left me with some kind of "what nows"...is there a second one on the way?!that end drove me crazy I HAVE TO KNOW what happens to Tana!And Gavriel what is he going to do with all this power...
I think this is my 2017 favourite book!!!I loved it!I was living every moment, its crazy!If you are on the romantic side (the ugly one) trust me you must YOU MUST read this book !!!
I wish there were more stars to rate!This is my favorite trilogy ever!
what the hell was that?!I mean the book was perfectly written the battles were almost epic there were moments of --""Gaaaahhh"""-- and --""fuuucHbzb""- but the end was nowhere near those!The guy stayed gave his beautiful wings up and that was it?!(well ok yeah he didn't gave them for that particular reason but he stayed ok!?)He is an archangel!He is older than ummm I don't know time maybe and he stays on earth because he is in love with you...and what do you do stay at your old neighborhood with with your crazy mom(although crazy I respect the craziness of that woman) and everyone else?! o_O (ok pleeeease don't get me wrong I adore that trilogy)BUT if I was Penryn and someone like Raffe was staying for me I would take him to that beach house or to a similar place far away from every live breathing human or not being and I would show him what means Daughter of Man age 18 hormones over the top...ugh sorry but you get the point!and again if that would displease some readers maybe something more tragic I don't know!But not that end...if I was Raffe I wouldn't be pleased... Just saying..
Again one of my favorite books as a child!
It was heart breaking at times...yes!but I'm not sure it is as good as it's advertised
I wish there were more stars to rate!I couldn't stop reading!
It was my favorite book as child!and I'm going to read it again!
It was a fast one!BUT I reeeeally like it! I even want to read the next one!!!
At first I thought WOW....in the end I was (eye rolling) ....
It was the first manga I've read and I reeeeally liked it!well the first 3...
It was a great book!I couldn't put it down!Definitely going for the second one!!!
Adult themes, juvenile approach. Everything just miraculously falls into place without anyone *actually doing* something. Meh!
not the same if you know the twist
Fun read, i really enjoyed the doodles on the pages
Fun read, tho the worldbuilding and minor characters were a bit patchy at times. If you re looking for a fast-paced shocking read to get you into fantasy, with the tried and true tropes we all know and love, this is the book for you. This ISNT a romance focused book, but there is enemies-to-lovers weaved into it.
** spoiler alert ** The story of Peter Pan is one very often told, but when i picked up this book in the Audible Originals section, i never imagined it would be this dark.Peter Pan is a proper "morally grey" character. He is selfish, proud and arrogant to the point that i truly felt bad for the Lost Boys.I see in Wendy the mirroring of the older-sister-turned-parent trope that many of us resonate with, and the eventual saving grace of it towards the end of the book.All in all its a peculiar little book, but I would recommend it for older ages (7-9) when kids have developed empathy and selflessness. It should be a getaway to serious conversations about realising right from wrong, about Peter's actions (letting the lost boys starve!), Hook's character (which was SO interesting, the whole "bad guys have fears" "bad guys have morals" and of course, "dying gracefully 101") and most importantly, the archaic language and native stereotypes in the book.A great book to read to kids theatrically, doing the voices and movements. Have been trying to read more classical books and older fairytales, and this was a fine addition to the list!
** spoiler alert ** 21/3-28/3This book made me cry UGLY tears, made me feel like listening to smut on the bus is illegal, made me wonder at the complexity of its characters, how real they feel, made me cheer for the sisters as they learn that they can do things for themselves, prioritise their lives and happiness and god was it a ride to watch.Nora and Charlie are perfect for each other. The banter, the inside jokes, the nention.I love how Emily Henry made me fall in love with New York AND Sunshine Falls, and i sure hope it is a real ass place.Emily Henry, cheers to you
This is the book equivalent to the "I am a mosaic" trend on tik tok. It will sutter you in the best (and worst) possible way and will leave you with a glimpe of hope.
** spoiler alert ** This is a character-driven, steampunk magical YA fantasy, with a quest plot, a romantic rivals-to lovers with older characters and no spice (SHE IS OLDER!!!), space elves, amazing and peculiar scenery, a grumpy pilot with a leather jacket. If you liked Treasure Island, go read it. SPOILERS!!!! First up, Bunch of things I'm critiquing it for:- World building I never felt a connection with the cities because we don't learn much about them! We learn early on that there's a lot of refugees in the city. We learn about the square market, and cars, and politics, but we don't get another look on what these people do for work. What they eat, (aside from the forbidden cupcake) How about religion? What WAS carried over from first earth? What came but is forgotten? How do people remember that legacy? It's supposed to be a city we want to save, the goal of the mission. Hallie very clearly cares about the city, but we don't. (Hallie was going on and on about "Help us save Jade" IMO, she should've said, "Let's ally to help safe us all" cause the Yalves also don't care about Jade. But they do care about themselves, and it would've been in character bc Hallie clearly also cares about the Yalves. -Plot holes! Why didn't the crew ever communicate with the millitary? They had three weeks of down time, and Jonas was waiting for their telegraph, and Zege is a soldier. Also, I didn't care for Jonas, much, or the politics.-Hallie's friendsI liked Hallie's friends. Their friendship was well written, and they added to the city and the world. The guy also added to Kase's character. I MISSED THEM in the rest of the book. Maybe Hallie could've journalled or written them letters. We NEVER think about them again. I get they probably weren't THAT close, but come on! Hope to see more of the three of them in the next book.-Shakespeare jokesIn the book summary it's mentioned that Hallie curses Kase with Shakespeare. It's assumed that it's gonna be an important part of the story but we get like three Shakespeare curses. Could've done more with it, like replaced the Odyssey with Shakespeare or something.-Love triangleThere was a beginning of a love triangle but i wasn't a fun of it. Could've played on the Hallie is a timid bookish girl and Zege is handsome asf so of course she would be blushing by his charm but we didn't reeeeally get to see that, and it was only from Kase's jealous perspective, and then the weird thing with the hunt, it felt forced. Kase could've realised his feelings with an "Im not letting Hallie die because I care about her" moment instead of the forced "You're competing with your brother for the girl" because also HOW would the space elves know, Zege had his mind the gutter for most of their stay in Yalvara.-Hallie's heritageKinda hope Hallie wouldnt be magic because I feel like it's an overplayed trope right now, but since we came to this, I expect to see asking questions, confusion, anger, learning, and an existential crisis in the next book. -Let's be real, this was a suicide mission from the start.No but listen. They're sending a college kid, a traumatised pilot with anger issues, a TEENAGER, whatever Ben had going on (I guess he's an army kid?) with ONE sole level-headed adult who btw for ALL WE KNOW might be making heroin cocktails for these kids. As the medical professional ofc. No wonder they only eat beef soup for months. A broke ass college kid is their cook. She's making them the equivalent of ramen noodles. NO WONDER they crash the fucking ship. (If Kase hadn't gotten them out of the storm I would seriously doubt his "best pilot ever" title.) They were running out of BANGAGES for god's sake. Who supplied this ship? I want names. No backup equipment. No proper food or medical supplies. Seriously just no backup plan. I get it being uncharted waters, but at least BASIC stuff. NAh-uh. Just take your stuff and go. No classes about the Yalves by Hallie. No "how you do a safety landing", how you take precautions, how you apply first aid. It's like the millitary WANTED them to fail. Why didn't they use a 20 year old map, if the Yalves last made contact 20 years ago? Why use the CRUSTY ASS map? I want to see rage from our characters for this.-BenBen didn't give me much. Something about him wanting to provide, something about him being ex-pilot-turned-soldier, Kase's bestie. The he had his head up his ass for the rest of the book. I reeally wanted to like him. But all his moments where overshadowed by Kase. His reason for being on that mission? Uh-oH! Kase is angry, he chewed his friend out (I liked that, but why not have the rest of the gang ask about Lucy?) oh no ship's down. Passing through the hallway? "Kase and Hallie stop flirting". We spend more time reading about Kase worrying about Ben than WORRYING about Ben. Also, I can't believe author pulled a voltron at us. IYKYK Now! Things I loved: -I loved Ebba. She's strong, caring, she doesn't give up. I loved her confidence, her frustration, her self-sacrifice for her family, her very clearly being a sister of brothers. We were ROBBED of an Ebba's and Zege's sibling like relationship. Also, every book needs a small nerd. Voltron (TV show) has Pidge, the Cruel Prince has the Bomb, Ace of Shades has Lola, Atla has Toph, just a "you don't know how much rage this short body can hold" type character, and if you have any other that come to mind, please comment them! I love this archetype. Needless to say I HATED Ebba's death. Strongly believe she should've survived. Should've gotten to be curious about Yalvan techonology and eat purple mush. I understand it had to be done for us to realise "Holy shit these Surriel guys are actually dangerous" but come on. Big part of it was shock factor wasnt it-_- -Library scene where Hallie reads to Zege, Zege's implied dyslexia (I wonder how much of the medical knowledge was lost during the first journey) the kids (another hole, do the kids learn common from a young age (why would they?) or did they speak to Hallie in Yalvan and where just there for the voices and the vibes?) -The action. Action is definitely Alli Earnest's strong point, the screaming, the sweat, the blood, the clumsiness, the running for their lives, the injuries, the panic, the sleep, the concussions, perfect. Ate and left no crumbs. -The calm before the storm in the corridor when our pair realises they might actually lose each other. The hand holding, the almost kiss, the "You leaned in" "You didn't turn away!" and the "Blasting door.." Their relationship progression felt very natural. The common ground (books!), being vulnerable in Hallie's brother's death anniversary, their bickering, how Kase thinks "She'll want to sketch that". Their looks, their death glares. Chef's kiss- THE CURSES!!! I loved the curses. Really really added to the world building, since for me at least, growing up Greek, if we really want to curse, we curse our holy shit, Jesus and Mary etc. So really showed us what these people hold dear and holy (the stars) It also was pretty creative, with Blasting, exploding rising, and all those uses of astral bodies. - The hair being a paid actor throughout the book. That's it.-The way Kase's death was written (I do expect death trauma in the next book!) Agonising. On that note, I may not know a lot about grief, but I liked it here. Very grounding, very human. The pounding on the wall, Kase very clearly losing everything, Hallie reliving the death of her brother.HALLIE is a very well rounded character. She's not bubbly and sunshine character. She's starry eyed but not naive. She's just a Ravenclaw VERY deeply. She cares about knowledge so much. She's curious, she's clever, she's caring. I'm surprised she didn't keep a proper travel journal and only sketches and notes. She's also a coward, who runs away from her family after the crushing death of her twin. Like most of us would. She's messy, and late, and broke. Should've let my girl Hallie have her female rage moment. KASE is a Gryffindor through and through. (We should've gotten a scene where he talks about his love of flying to Hallie) He's deeply flawed. His abillity to work under pressure is seriously fifty-fifty, and he picks fights, and loses control, and has a crazy amount of guilt, which has resulted in a chilvarlious self-sacrifice -have to save everyone kind of attitude. We see him try to work through his anger issues, which is nice. By the end everyone is so so fucking exhausted and bloody, we kind of lose our dear characters. I'm excited to read how they find themselves again after the events of this book, and if there's no nightmare/comfort scene imma be mad.Lastly, I wanted to highlight how this book was CLEARLY written by a reader and booklover. You can just feel it, and ff there is a plot point that spans through the entirety of the book is books and reading. The libraries,the bookshop, the Oddysey being a thing BOTH our main characters take in the godforsaken mission, the comfort reading brings. THE COMMENT ABOUT DOG-EARRING. Kase using his last money to buy books, and thinking to research things he doesn't understand in libraries. Hallie reading to the people she loves, and just being so awed by everything she learns. This was a labour of love, by a reader, for readers. PS. I read the audio book version of this performed by Magnus Carlssen. He did an incredible job blowing life into the Yalves, very unique accents! I have to note the Choice of giving the Surriels a russian accent. Sorry for the -for sure- misspelling of the names, I never saw some of them on paper.
What can I even say about this book? Just go read it. The tone became significantly darker from the first, the characters WAY more complex, the story much more breathtaking.I especially liked how every character gets to evolve and spread individually, and how the author understands how to write truly good female characters. They are strong and deadly, yes, but they are also compassionate, caring, clever.This is an incredibly morally grey book. You're rooting for gangs and for killers. Imagine if that happened in your city lmao, wouldn't be so happy.Given that the last book took place in the span of seven days, this book (taking place in the span of months) has more time to breathe and for all the plans and alliances to organically form.This book will have you SHOCKED. I was shocked, stunned, breathless, surprised, screaming crying throwing up. Everyone and their mother is suffering. So many turns and plot twists and oh my god. Like Levi said, it feels like the moment he gets back up everything crumbles around him. I can't even.Just read
Aside from the love story, i fell in love with the way David Levithan writes characters. An inside view of the way different kinds of people live.
Shoutout to Saskia Maarleveld for her amazing work on this book. I loved her voice!Aesthetics:This book mixes streampunk gothic with street gangs, casinos, spys and a fantastical element, in a setting that feels so early 20th century. Worldbuilding:It does a good job of explaining the fantastical element as well as the rich history of New Raynes. Great worldbuilding overall with distinct neighborhoods and details.Characters:As for the characters, there's Enne the protagonist, well-rounded and much astrayed from the stereotypical YA protagonist who lots of people accuse of being one-dimentional. The chemistry with her co-star Levi is immaculate, perfect if you re looking for an opposites-attract, will-they-wont-they relationship.I liked that both Enne and Levi were handled more like protagonists of their own story with their separate relationships and subplots.The main cast is all charming, and i appreciated the time the mcs got with their own "companion" cause I feel it gave them more depth and helped them stand as their own person.Plot:The book *has* changing point of views, (Enne and Levi's) a growing trend in recent years, but i didnt particularly mind it as it served the plot (narrating things that might have happened at the same time) and got us close and personal w the mcs. It also has a vague "check point" feel up untill we reach the last quarter of the book but i guess that's just the mystery being solved. Its like Enne goes there, gets a clue, follows the clue, finds another clue etc etc (it does feel like a puzzle) untill the mystery unravels and the main focus shifts to the other plot that has been brewing around and interlaced with the main mystery.It has turns that shocked me and moments that genuinely made me laugh, and i m glad to have mistaken it with the popular tik tok book Ace of Spades. (i thought the two books had the same title till literally the last minute)
It didnt feel like Harry Potter. I was kind of disappointed by the story but I really liked the characters and their dynamics
Kept wondering why the third book was called "The queen of nothing". Then i got to THAT part. This series has moved from enjoyable to thrilling, and I can't wait to get into the next book!
Favourite pjo book so far! Top notch
** spoiler alert ** ας"I can toast to that"GOD WHAT was that.Holly Black tied every loose end with plenty of space for side stories. This books was a ride in and of itself, and it baffled me sm that sometimes i thought the author was making stuff up as she were going. Some magic wasnt *clearly* explained or left room for tricks, like Nores vow to Surin bc Jude asked Nore to vow to her Queen, but then she dismantled all titles, so is Nore still vowed to Surin? Or "her Queen" as in "High Queen"? Are vows made to people? Or titles? There's space for interpertation in a context where tricks within bargains are so common🤔 If someone knows something I missed please tell me!ALSO! When Jude was in the mortal world, and was thinking of the whole Queen trick, she thought: "He DId say 'pardoned by the crown' so maybe i can go back" But her NEXT thought was "But then I'd have no way of proving it and he could just deny me again like in the last book". So I was SO BAFFLED when they finally talked and Cardan told her, "it was a trick specifically for you, you could've come back whenever you wanted" LIKE NO SHE COULDN'T!!!NO SHE FUCKING COULDN'T BC this man exiled her!!! She felt tricked she cant trust him!!! Plus the guards wouldn't know anything and they would capture her and maybe NOT EVEN present her to the king. Holly Black did Jude SO dirty w this bc she should ve SPOKE UP and not be shook like "how did i not think of that" YOU *DID* THINK OF THATAnyway, Cardan and Jude were amazing, the emotions were complex, the description of feelings and manerisms were once again, amazing and Im going to be studying the way Holly Black uses writing to descript AND invoke panic. A+A good closure to this amazing, comforting and beyond all, smart (not always-_-), trilogy. Cant wait to read more of this world and these characters.<3
I was between giving 3 or 4 stars. I finished the book last night and couldn't get the story out of my head! It left me with very strong feelings.
Good enough but short. During the first chapters I had the feeling that I already know the story (and I did from the last chapters of The Island). A good one though.
What a story! It's my first contact with the author and certainly not the last!
Love it! I've read it 6 times and I'll read it more! Every time a new feeling!
The tale of Achilles from Patroclus perspective. A story of Love, Loyalty, Honor. The author has approached the story very carefully. Highly recommended.
Kiera Cass why did you do that???I loved the selection trilogy and I was waiting with anticipation to read this book! I finished it in less than 12 hours but I can not say I liked it. Not like the others.It felt like something was missing. I can understand why princess Eadlyn is so spoiled and acting like a brad. She was raised to be a queen by two loving parents who tried their best but who's parents are perfect?Eadlyn's character is not my problem with this story like other fellow reviewers has mentioned. She just seems real. The lack of thorough description of the 35 guys and their life in palace was what made me think that this book was written hasty. In the previous selection all the girls had mandatory lessons, things and tasks to do. Furthermore all of them had 3 maids each. Shouldn't the guys have maids too? Who prepares their bath? Who makes their clothes? Who is near them if they need something?Other than just a butler mentioned briefly in one of the few Eadly's visits at a suitor's room they seem to be left on their own.I'm sorry but I was waiting more of this story! I hope the next book will be better prepared and written....
I liked that it is linked with the characters of the first book but through a new point of view!
It was a quite nice book but while in the back cover we read about a girl who don't drink, don't swear and is a good girl, from the first pages of the book we can clearly see that she goes to a party and gets drunk!Maybe the person who wrote the summary didn't read the book?Who knows?
I wish she would write more....
Four stars because I didn't like that I could guess the end from the first pages.
This is a re-read. I've read almost the whole series when it got first published and i remember waiting with so much anticipation for the next book. This is probably the series I've read the most times because everytime a new book was released I read the whole series again to remember what has already happened.It didn't give me the same vibes as when i was a teen. Of course I enjoyed it but this time Zoe seemed a little bit shallow and some of her thoughts kind of disturbing ...
Not as good as the first three..
I was waiting too long to get my hands in the last book of this series. I had to reread the previous two books. I remember I loved them the 1st time but now that I reread I felt like something was missing...Maybe I'm not at the right age for these books anymore but I liked it and probably will reread sometime in the future.
** spoiler alert ** I didn't like this Story. It didn't fill me with emotion like a story of pain and loss should. Could not relate with any of the characters. Sometimes the writing seemed fake. Like it was written to make readers feel certain things but not by heart. Some dialogue lines seemed unnatural (Theo's long speech after having sex and before leaving Griffin's house). And come on... Is it possible a three person squad being gay without eachother's knowledge?And whose parents are so welcoming and understanding when their sons announce them that they are gay?
Enjoyed the pace and really liked the now-then structure of the story. Amy is a girl who have lived through a lot but she is still strong and trying to get up everytime she falls. I gave a 4 star review because I felt the story kind of similar with another one I've read some years ago and also because this is not my usual kind of reading material and i had to read the end before I decide if I will read the whole book or skip some chapters. I did read the whole book and I'm happy for my choice. I will definately read more of this writer.
I didn't like it very much because I felt like there were a lot of similarities with other books. Also the heroine keeps repeating some phrases which was annoying for me...
Loved it!
I really enjoyed reading this book! The age, social status and education of the Alpha female was what made this book more believable.Also, the information about the cultures were really interesting for me.Noticed some editing problems but didn't miss in the overall reading experience.The only thing i got into consideration was the easy way every new shapeshifter took the information.I will definitely seek out the next book.4,5/5
I didn't like the first half of the book, where Nix is always whining and repeating the same things. I didn't like the, without reason, use of Greek names and mythology but I liked the second half of the book and especially Ignifex and the relationship between them. Also, I liked Shade's role in the story.Not one of my favourites but it was ok...
I am not ok ! I am not happy with the ending! I have chills and I want to scream. Probably I won’t write a review about this one because it will be full of spoilers!!!Read it and prepare for your heart to be broken...
4.5/5 You guys this book was AMAZING!!!I loved the setting, the world-building, the chemistry of Wrath and Emilia and her love for her family.The idea to present the seven deadly sins as demons of the underworld (aka Kingdom of the Wicked) was brilliant!Honestly, I strongly recommend this book if you love witches, wicked overload and sexy bad boys that may not be so bad after all...
I am extremely sad 😭😭😭The book was amazing! I think it’s my favorite of the series. Ok maybe I liked the first one more. I don’t know😅The ending gave me a feeling of warmth and liberation. I loved this series so so much and now I am ready for the tv show ! If you are looking for a young adult epic/high fantasy, then you must read this! So many emotions... ♥️♥️♥️😭
I loved this book!!!Nice friendship between the girls! Awesome backstory of Alex. Amazing plot twist with Ava’s story and a hot love life 🔥 Can’t wait to read Twisted Games😍*loved the bonus scene with Ava and Alex too😘
As in water face answereth to face, so the heart of man to man. “What does it mean?”“It means . . . water is like a mirror, It reflects our faces to us. And our lives—the way we live, the things we do—” He’d looked at his hands, suddenly unable to meet my eyes. “They reflect our hearts.”Characters: 5/5Plot: 5/5World: 3.5/5 Sum: 4.5/5 I am not sure where to start! But ok, let's take it step by step! First and foremost, the characters.Every last one of them was unique, different, and easy to love as well as understand or empathize. We had characters without parents, with parents but not love, with everything on their feet, mean, cruel, ones that we're willing to change because their beliefs had been wrong all along, and those who didn't. We had characters that would give everything to save those in need or those they love. We had it all! And it was just perfect...You can see that if I try to be more specific, I will be writing this review until next Friday! Now, as far as the plot is concerned, we had a witch and a witch killer falling in love. This book had enemies to lovers trope, that went smoothly, giving you time to know them, understand and like them. Reid and Lou had the perfect chemistry, making you believe that the opposites do attract. They make you believe in them. They make you think that they are real and breathing just like you, love like you. They had weaknesses and flaws like everyone else and they were imperfectly perfect!Ok, I lost track. Now let's go back to the plot. There were action scenes, as well as funny, emotional, anxious, romantic and crazy. We saw enough of everything so that we can feel full and ready for the next book. We uncover secrets and conspiracies, unforbidden love stories and evil actions. And yeah, I should better stop and move to the next and last thing: The World. Now, I can understand that it is extremely difficult to write the perfect love story and to create the ideal magical world, but not impossible. As I was reading I could see the world-building, that there was a whole magical community behind, but all those things weren't in the story. I would like to learn more about different kinds of magic. For example, we saw a blood witch and we read about other categories of witches but we never learn about them and what they can do. I am not complaining, because we had other scenes that made us want to continue with the story but I missed the magic. I missed the explaining of how witchcraft works and what it can do. It would be ok for me, to have 50 more pages so we can have the proper magic world explaining. To sum up, this was a book that YOU HAVE TO read!It can give you so many things, it can make you feel a hundred emotions. It can show you that people can change if they want to. It can show you that in the bad days, there is always something good. It can make you believe in our world and to the people around you all over again. So, if you are looking for a great love story, witches, witch hunters, amazing characters, beautiful and graphic descriptions with a France influence that's your story!
Fake it Till you Break it... Wow! That’s the first word that comes to my mind. I don’t read this genre, I am more of the fantasy type BUT when I read the synopsis (saw the cover *gouhou gouhou*) I knew that I had to read this book!I couldn’t let it out of my hands! And today I was holding myself back from reading the two last chapters, but you know how it goes. Everything good must finally come to an end.I enjoyed the plot soooo much and especially the characters! From the protagonist to their friends(Trent, Krista etc) and antagonists, all felt real and beautifully written. They had their own problems and dramas, some were damaged others weren’t but everyone had a real substance.The book started good. The first chapters were ok, but nothing compared to what came next and it didn’t take long.This book was SUPER SEXY! I mean.... well, the chemistry between Neek -Nick- and Pixie -Demi-.... pfff sooo HOT man! There were sooooo many good scenes but only one engraved in my mind. No spoilers, you don’t have to worry❤️To sum up, I adored this book and it become one of my favorites! I recommend it to EVERYONE. It had everything. It was fast paced, funny, sexy, addictive, cheesy with the proper drama (I would like something more extreme but I am notttt complaining) and the perfect relationships (lovers, friends and family). Read this book dear reader!
Wow! Review when I recover
It was an ok read. I expected more because of the hype. Liked the characters a lot but I knew the killer from the start. Don’t know if I will read the sequel...
If you are looking for a professional one, this is not the place. Why I can't write a proper review? Well, because I freaking loved this book!It's a solid 5-star book for me. I loooooved the story, the characters (every single one of them) the bond between them, and the plot twist in the end.The protagonist was wicked in a good way, sassy and she had so much fun. I adored the clothes, the scenes between the Shadow King and Alessandra, that I literally I couldn't stop reading.After the 1/3 of the book, the plot became even better and I was obsessed!Every time these two where together was sooo hot without even doing anything! Oh, you can understand what I am talking about till you read the book!!!Guys, truly, don't miss it! If you have the book, drop everything and go read it. It is in my top 3 for this year. Soooooo good that I want to cry!Agh, I can't, I want more! Too bad is a standalone... (another reason to pick it up)Anyway, I have to stop myself now or else I will continue forever, but YOU... go READ IT!
This book was awesome!!!! The pacing was really fast not only because of the small chapters but also because on every page something was happening.It gives you heartbreaking deaths, action, many many emotions, and a hell of a plot, which was really close to what is happening today with the virus that wants to kill our world.The characters were unique and easy to love. Nothing felt rushed or unexplained and ahhhh.... it was soooo good 😭Go read this book! You’ll love it♥️
4.5/5Oh my God! I just finished it and I feel soooooo frustrated! I mean... what a book?! I totally loved it ❤ It was funny, anxious, astonishing and in simple words a-m-a-z-i-n-g!That end though... 😭😭 I need the second one right now!I cant believe that I didn't persuaded earlier... Now I have to wait 😣Anyway, dont miss these books. They are a MUST !
Ah… I loved these books as a kid and I adore them as an adult. All these feelings. The adventures. The amazing characters. The plot. Nostalgia…An amazing graphic novel. With the necessary scenes to understand the plot perfectly and have fun. I finally was able to see all these places, buildings and scenes I was fantasising all these years ago.Cassie Clare is the best for a reason. She always has a way to touch my heart and make me dream. I loved this graphic novel. I strongly hold that you should read it ♥️⭐️100000000/ 5 ⭐️
⭐️ 2.5/5 ⭐️ When I started reading this book I was obsessed! I mean... it was really really good. The characters were funny and I enjoyed the fact that I was again with Garrett and his friends and I was excited because I liked Logan a lot. Grace was awesome too.BUT! As I kept going I wasn’t thrilled. I get bored with the story and I couldn’t find something that could intrigue me. The plot was meh and I couldn’t feel the passion and the chemistry of the main couple.Only Logan’s story made me feel something and actually care for him... I had high expectations for this but it turned out that it wasn’t for me.Although I will definitely continue with the series because I loooooooooved or better adooooored the first book and I want to give another chance to the off campus series ❤️
It was cute, had humor and a perfect descriptive scene at the end 😗I just think that the protagonist here reminds me of Olive from the love hypothesis and that the descriptive scene was too abrupt. I would like one more scene in between, so to go more gently
Never trust a bedtimestory Dark Radiance is one of the books that I will remember. It is a book that I will recommend to everyone who loves Twilight and Sweet Evil, as well as to someone who needs a good atmospheric book. I wasn't the Night Monster they all imagined, but I would be the monster they feared. Ease of Reading... I loved the writing from page one. It truly was soooo good, that I couldn't believe that someone can write so well in her debut novel. I knew exactly where I was, what I was doing and what was around me. The scenery was spooky and cozy and everything a small town needed. And as for the pacing is concerned, it was so fast and easy to read. You can literally finish this book in a day!The Characters... The main character -Lily- was so likable, sweet and easy to comprehend. She knew what she wanted and she would do anything to get it. Her best friend -Aspyn- was a total badass and funny, and as far as her brother Asher-or else lover boy- is concerned, he was a hell of a ride. As for Finley, well... He has a special place in my heart. For the rest of the group, I wanted more! I wanted to know them better and to read more scenes about/with them, but I can understand that It is difficult to fit a lot in the first book.The Plot... The Plot was nice. There was an interest that kept the book going, not something unique, but certainly not boring. There were some common tropes that we love and dear, such as the orphan girl who doesn't know for what is capable of, the bad not so bad and arrogant boy, etc. The only thing that made me cut these 1 and a half stars was that the mystery didn't hold long enough. I needed more. I wanted to look by herself, to demand answers a little longer and not get them so easily. But that ending....😱 OK, I will stop now.To sum up... All in all, it was a sweet book, that will keep you a nice company in the winter and especially Halloween. It is extremely atmospheric, easy to love and to read, and It can easily evolve to something great and unforgettable. I give it 3.5/5 stars and I recommend this book with all my heart!Thank you Allison for providing me with an eARC!❤️
This book is just AWESOME! No words needed. It has it all. The right amount of drama, hotness, sex, sadness and anxiety.I couldn’t stop reading. I had a long time to read book that kept me awake at nights. That was the only thing I could think all day. This book was everything I needed.But I rate it with 4,5 because of the writing, which was meh.Although, the truth is that this story doesn’t need the writing bc it has everything else to keep you with it ! ♥️
I freaking loved this book! it's the perfect standalone for summer!Enemies to lovers, pirates and heartbreaking characters! What more to ask for?
i loved jace all over again! and of course jules and emma <3
1. You won’t understand in the beginning may seem boring but then something will happen and you will be like 🤯You won’t stop reading after that.2. I adored it, go read it! You won’t regret it 💙
😭😭😭😭😭It was FREAKING AWESOME!!!!!!!!!I miss VA so much 😭♥️
THIS BOOK IS A MASTERPIECE!HOT HOT HOT and BURNED!🔥I am out of words guys. This book was awesome. It was funny and hot, and full of emotion and hot and the characters were awesome and hot and yes... hot is the perfect way to describe this book. I was laughing so hard with Garrett and Hannah and I was so thrilled about their relationship that I could stop reading! Let me tell you, it was an all-nighter and I didn't even realize how the time passed. I mean... Their chemistry was INCREDIBLE. I am so in love with this book, there is no need to say more except this: READ THIS FREAKING BOOK! Once the OWLs are finished I will devour this series! I am obsessed!
The book was INCREDIBLE!I loved every single word, Story and wonderful art! I want more Cardan and Jude. I just can’t get enough of them. I don’t have anything more to say other than, if you loved The Folk of Air series or if you don’t (I am not sure if this possibly exists🤣), you MUST read this short masterpiece!I am in love all over again 😭♥️
3.5 /5 It was ok. Nothing special. Enjoyable and filler of some plot holes or better questions you may have on ACOSF
Everyone was telling me to read this book! When my friend Maria told me that she adored it, I knew I had to read it( we have the same taste in books).So, I started it. The first 100 pages were sooo slow and boring that I couldn’t read the book! The truth is that now I understand why it was that way and I don’t know how this could be written differently. I was in the edge of DFNing the book.But I had faith in my friend and I kept reading. When I reached the second part... OH MY GOD! It was like a hurricane had strucked the book and it changed completely! It became so fast paced that you cannot imagine. It talked about the system of our community, the people and their character, it had so much action that you could be obsessed with it! Love was also a part of the story and the chemistry between those two was remarkable!All in all, I can understand the hype. I am rating this book with 4 stars because of its slow start but let me tell you one thing. It totally worthy it! If you are a fan of dystopian books and want a little dose of Hunger Games then read this book! They are alike but at the same time so different! Trust me when I say... READ THIS BOOK!
"Off with his head" Heartless is a book that can break your heart.Rating: 4.5/5 It has a slow start, for many even boring, but I enjoyed it a lot because we were seeing the world and learning the characters. I was listening to the audiobook and since the actress was A-M-A-IZ-I-N-G, I didn't get bored. After the 1/3 of the book it was a non- stop reading/ listening for me. I really loved the plot and the growth of the characters, their relationships and their dreams. I was connected with them. I don't really like Alce in Wonderland and I am astonished that now I want to watch the Disney movies again. With this book, we saw how Catherine turns out the way she is at Alice in Wonderland and let me tell you it's heartbreaking. My heart is hurting as I am writing this review. For me, EVERYONE is to blame. From her hideous mother to her father, friends, and people of the court. Cathrine was a simple person. She was strong and fierce and independent but she wanted only one thing. To open a bakery with her friend and show her talent. But of course, they couldn't let her. As for the Joker... Oh my gosh, I love him. He was the best man for her and every lady in this whole universe. Their connection was too strong and their chemistry was so unique that I fell in love with them. To end up, I strongly hold that everyone MUST read this book. It is magical how the character and the person can change by their surroundings and actions of others. This book has passion, action and so many feelings that you have to read it. I am heartbroken right now, about this story but also so much fulfilled by its end!It was a new day in Hearts, and she was the Queen.
It was nice. Actually , If I hadn't read Lux Series, the darkest star would be a hell of a ride. There were many scenes that reminded me of Lux Series and that's why I didn't enjoy it as much as I wished. I didn't feel surprised at all because I imagined what will happen and I couldn't feel anything about Luc because -well- there is nothing better in the Lux World than Daemon Black ❤I felt sad beacause we didn't see Kate and Daemon was only in a scene or two and only for a little bit. Anyway, the book was okay but not what I expected.I will read the second one though.
It was the first time that I didn't feel a thing. Actually scrats that, I felt gross in a medical scene. What I meant was that it was the first time that not even one character made me like her/him. Every last one of them were indifferent. So as the plot. It was a wonderful -and unique- idea which didn't go well. I mean pirates mate! What more do I possibly could want?A brave heroine.An impossible dilemma. An epic new fantasy trilogy.These three was at the back cover, but I needed the Magic and to see the West Islands. I wanted to see the Sea Creatures and the Monsters and more about the East Islands. I needed more!
I absolutely loved it ! Don’t miss it guys. I didn’t enjoy the first one enough but on the contrary this one was everything I wanted ♥️
Review to come
I don’t have much to say about this book because it was amazing !It was full of action that literally makes you unable to put the book down. I really liked the new characters and I was loving the old ones all over again. The Cal and M romance was sooooo good, especially Cal who is one of the characters I truly love and appreciate.It lost one start because it didn’t surprised me such as the first one. I found out what will happen in the end. The second reason was that I wanted more romance. I felt unfulfilled with the scenes between Cal and M.To sum up, This book made me laugh and almost cry. Made me feel anger and despair. It was an enjoyable and truly interesting read. I definitely recommend it!
I couldn't finish it... I was not eager to read it. I couldn't find something interesting. The plot was there but nothing was happening. The characters were ok but they didn't help me to continue with the story. I DFN'D it :/
Aw, the ending… I felt so touched! I loved this book you guys. The perfect closure♥️ I will miss them…
It was ok. I was not excited but I enjoyed it. I will read the next one too!!
4,5/5This book was sooooo good ! Best of all was the statistical jokes and all. I truly loved them and find them smart🥰Maybe because I’m studying statistics?!Anyway,The chemistry of Adam and Olive was INCREDIBLE and they were perfect for each other. Loved the funny moments, the awkward ones and especially the hot ones😍The plot was super interesting and the side characters too! I totally recommend this book if you want to enjoy a really good rom-com.
Oh my God! I am shocked!!!!!!!!!!Review to come !
An incredible job! It made me love the books 10 times more. <3 <3
the best
Oh my gosh!!! I totally agree with the hype.I freaking loved this graphic novel! I enjoyed the modern underworld and the characters and how they react and leave. The chemistry between hades and Persephone is a piece of art. They are PERFECT for each other.I loved the plot and how all of this is going and I am ready for the next volume. Plus, The illustrations are incredible. Bravo to the author ♥️
This book is strictly for adults because it contains scenes that are "trigger warning".I don't have much to say. I really liked the book whilst its slow start. I loved the Houses of the Veil and the magic, plus the portals. The characters where ok, my fave was Turner and Alex was pretty awesome too. If I wasn't on a reading slump I guess I would have more to say. This book isn't my cup of tea but it is enjoyable and I do recommend it to everyone who likes mysteries, secret societies, and a little bit o magic.
I was listening to the audiobook and it was a wonderful experience.The book was really really good. It is a retelling of Aladdin and a well-written one! If you love this fairytale and you want something light and interesting to pass the time, then that's the book for you!I loved it, and I highly recommend it ❤️🧞‍♀️4.5/5
This was really enjoyable. I liked it because It was not the cliche story: Rich guy, virgin poor girl. It reminded it but with a twist. She wasn't poor, but she wanted to earn her own money and he had to earn his own money.The love story was super cool. Not an insta love and the chemistry was building nicely, ane they has some really funny conversations.The plot was interesting and... that's all!I don't have much. I loved it! If you want something light and nice to have a good time and maybe get out of your comfort zone, that's the book for you <3
I loved it ! ⭐️4.5/5⭐️The protagonist was so full of passion, smart and a strong female character that she valued love and the male protagonist was sweet, grumpy and so in love with her sparkle (if you know what I mean)!Check out my reading vlog for the full experience here:https://youtu.be/L-6X7XU0PIY
It had a slow start, but as I was continuing the story, it was becoming better and better.I loved the character development of Reid and the bad-ass character of Lou. The moments between them were hot and full of action, I just adore them together.The ending was shocking and sad, with an amazing plot twist in the last chapter which only made me want more. Can't wait for book 3 to come out!
this graphic novel was soooooo good!!The art was stunning and the book itself reminded me how much I love Vampire Academy❤️
The ending was the best thing ever!!!! AMAZING! I have no words and I am extremely excited for the next one -because of the ending.The rest of the book was slow and sometimes nothing was happening but I believe that the next one will be AWESOME🔥3.5/5
I dont know why I hadnt read harry potter before. Actually, I had read Deathly Hallows but only that one. This book was absolutely amazing! I started reading it just for fun and then I kept going without knowing. The time passed and I finished it and it was like I was waking up from a dream.JK Rowling does magic with her books and I want so badly to read more of her. 5 stars with no doubt!
what happened was unfair and extremely sad.Amazing book. I adore Throne of Glass series
Not much to say. This was really fun and the sketches were amazing 😻
IT WAS AMAZING !!!! BUT IN THE FIRST TIME WHEN I REALISED THAT WILL HANE DIED AND TESSA WILL BE WITH JEM I DIDN'T LIKE IT..BUT THEN I THOUGHT THAT TESSA HAVE TWO BIG LOVES SO HE CAN SPEND A LIFE WITH JEM TOO..ALTHOUGH I PREFER WILL AND I THINK THAT NONE CAN REPLACE HIM!!!!
This book has the most beautiful cover I have ever seen. Although it wasn’t what I expected.The plot was fun and full of action. The truth is that I didn’t get bored. But my problem was the characters. I couldn’t feel attached to them AT ALL!Moreover, I would like more explanations and descriptions about the world and the places. This story would have been amazing if it had more depth. I felt like the book was hurried and it lacked of feeling.It was easy to read and keep up with the story, but I had no emotion and that is something I cannot except! I rate it with 3 stars out of 5 because the story was good and it felt like a fairytale with the living books but I can not enjoy a book if I am not feeling anything when I am reading.
I feel numb... What an ending ? I expected it but I wasn’t. I don’t know how I feel😅 Review to come...
Six of Crows was an awesome read!!!😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭The characters were ONE OF A KIND and the ships AMAZING!The plot and the action were unstoppable and in general, the book was an all-nighter!Find my proper review on my blog
While reading this book, I discovered that everything is about timing. I know that If I had read this book when I was younger I would have loved it. I also know that If I hadn't just finished Red Rising, I would have enjoyed it more. The problem with timing is that you can't stop comparing the book you are reading with the one you just finished, and since An ember in the ashes was in the same mood as Red Rising, Hunger Games and Divergent, It was more difficult not to. First, the love "square" between the characters didn't feel real. Helene and Elias was something I could see it happen, but the redhead and Laila, no. It was too fast and without meaning. As far as the relationship between Laila and Elias, well... It was instant love. I just didn't feel it, until the night after the third Challenge. That must have been taken place earlier! SO they could have met each other and be able to let themselves trust one another.Second, after reading red rising I really couldn't feel empathy for the pain and the scars of Laila. It simply seemed, fake or better, not enough. I KNOW that I would have felt bad if I had read this book earlier.NOW, let me tell you that it wasn't all bad. The book was drowned in the action! There was not even one moment that I felt bored. It was really fast to read and actually you can easily finish this book in a day. I loved Elias' thoughts and Laila's backbone and I want to see more about them now that I finally feel the connection between them BUT unfortunately, they won't be a couple that I will hold dear in my heart. That I will remember.I recommend this book to someone who loved Hunger Games, Divergent and Red Rising. To someone who wants to read something fast and with a lot of action that also includes bits of a love story. Just don't read it exactly after reading one of the above series. Everything is about timing readers. Hold that in your minds!3.5/5
3,5It was like reading the vampire academy but the not so good version. I didn’t feel that the story had depth and that there was a meaning or a goal to achieve.There were many similarities with the characters of her other books( lux series) and the scenes of VA. Like a copy cat. That’s why I didn’t give 5 stars⭐️ It was fun and nice but just that. I would recommend it to people who would like a break as a way to spend enjoyable their free time. It would be better if you haven’t finished Vampire Academy. N
4,5/ 5 Words are meaningless about this book. It can be considered as a classic of fantasy in our days, so my thoughts will be limited.I looooved the three main characters (Alina, Mal and Darkling). I finished the book in two days and I had work to do. It was quick, awesome, and full of action. PLus romance which I adored!I don't know why I hadn't read it sooner. I guess I was dumb, but If I could speak to my younger self, I would say:THIS IS A BOOK THAT YOU HAVE TO READ ASAP!!The only minus about this book was that the worldbuilding wasn't explained. I had to look at the first pages where the three "species" of Grishaverse where written so I can know for whom I was reading.It could exist one or two sentences of explanation every now and then. At least at the beginning.To sum up, If you haven't read this book, drop everything and read it. NOW! "Fine, make me your villain"
It’s a short story so I don’t know how to rate it. I didn’t like the super insta love but I will try out Sea of Ruin. We will see how it goes!
This book was AMAZING!!!!!!!!🔥🔥🔥😍😍😍Review coming soon on my blog♥️
I don't have much to say, since I really liked this book. The chapters were small, hence the book was easy to read and made the pace quick. From Chapter one many things were happening so you couldn't lose your interest.I loved the descriptions of the places and the place itself where the story occurred. It reminded me a little of Throne of Glass -which I absolutely adore- but in its own way. The world-building was awesome!!! If you want to meet new places, you must definitely try out this book! I can't say more because I may spoil something and we don't want that!There was action, suspense, and a great main protagonist, Aurora, who I loved from the start!I can't wait for the sequel because I know that we have seen nothing yet, and this story has so much to give.
I freaking loved it ! The plot, jacks, the plot twists everything! And that ending… ready for book 3🩷
It was AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This standalone book had action, love, friendship, strong and realistic characters, plot twists, the incredible use of mythology and it gave me so so many emotions!I strongly recommended it!
This book was a masterpiece! (Buddy reading with my dear friend RosieBlue16 )My thoughts are sooo confused right now and my emotions are even worse so I will try to write a proper review about it. Don't judge! First and foremost, the characters...Well, every last one of them was completely real to me. They had their own voice and personality. That doesn't mean that they were one thing and only that, no! They were multidimensional. By the end of the book, I was feeling like they were my friends and family. I knew how they will react and what they are going to say, and that my dear reader is extremely rare. Second, Since I am a HUGE fan of the Shadowhunter Chronicles I have read almost all of Cassie's books, which gave me so much emotion in this book. I was spending time with Will Herondale -who he always be the first and the last in my heart-, Tessa, Jem and of course Magnus, that every time I felt like I wanted to cry. This book was like my missing piece of their story. So you are prepared to be moved and touched -even spill some tears as I did. Third, As a book of the shadowhunter universe, Chain of Gold didn't disappoint in action. It has EVERYTHING. I was anxious, scared, got goosebumps and of course thrilled! The chaos was back in London and It won't be easy to be destroyed! Last and most important, the love story...*Takes a deep breath* I was devasted! Oh dear God, here we are again. A love story -actually more than one- that I won't be able to forget. There was such a beautiful chemistry and the characters were so, so eager to love and be loved. They were willing to give everything for love and learn what the phrase "Love cuts deeper than any blade" really means. To sum up, I WANT MORE AND I WANT IT NOW!I don't know how to live while waiting for the next book. Cassandra did it once more. I fell in love all over again with the Shadowhunters. Angels, give me strength and patience ❤️A solid five to five-star read!(If I could give more stars I would!)
I love this book♥️
This was an amazing book! I have some questions about the world but I loved it! Read it when you really want an epic fantasy!4.5/5
It was amazing!!!Review to come when I finish Rule of Wolves <3
I am OBSESSED!This volume was so much better than the first one, which I also loved.I was hooked the entire time. I get to know more about the characters and some new. I hate some (Zeus and the way he treats Hera, but I love the relationship he has with his brothers) and I adore some other. I am so invested in this story right now and I don’t want to finish the chapters, but at the same time I want to because well… I NEED to know what will happen 😍
Mermaids, love and Greek mythology is everything I need!
3,5/5The magic system and the world-building was AMAZING! It was one of the best, I have ever read!I couldn't connect with the characters, though...It had a nice ending. I will continue with book two.
I had forgotten how emotional this book was😭😭😭I freaking loved it! And the art work was incredible! I am so sad that they didn’t do the next three books graphic novels!!
When you hear that Tudors meets Mean Girls, you are waiting for great things.I was so excited when this book came out, and I started reading at once! But as I was reading I found myself confused and uninteresting. Why confused? I'll explain.While you are reading the book and trying to understand the world, the characters, and the plot, you come across chapters from the past without knowing until you are in the middle of the chapter. One chapter from the present, and the next one from memories of the past.That's one thing that didn't help me keep my interest.As I was continuing reading, I couldn't see where we are going. I felt like I was reading something without meaning, without a cause. Unfortunately, I don't have more things to say about this book. What I mean is that I don't have good words to say about this book. Only that it was an awesome idea that didn't go well.Maybe it wasn't for me or my age. Maybe I wasn't in the mood. But I couldn't finish it. I hope you will!
Plot: 3/5Characters: 3/5World: 2/5Ease of reading: 4/5Fue words about the Plot This book was about a girl -Layla- who is part Warden and part Demon. (Demons and Wardens are fatal enemies) She doesn't know her parents so she is living with a Warden family. One day she meets a Demon -Roth- at school and her life changes rapidly. So, the plot was ok. Nothing too fancy nor boring. It was a book with a nice, relaxed and funny plot that you could read easily if you have free time. Although, I dont think that this book is something that will stay with you for years.Now, the characters... It is the first book so it is logical not to see a huge growth inthe Characters. The main ones were Layla, Roth and Zayne. We also saw two of Layla; s friend and Zayne;s father among others. First and foremost, Roth was my ultimate favourite. He was fierce and sassy, but also gentle and romantic. He was a demon that was kind, protective and caring with Layla and so sooooo sexy! Layla was a girl who was trying to cope with life, and also understand every part of herself. She was shy, sweet and fair. I liked her. Last but now least, Zayne. To be honest i didnt like him. He was not to be trusted, not a truth friend to Layla -as far as I am conserned- and a Warden that he had made a mistake but lay the blame to someone else.Lastly, the World... It wasnt something special. Think of our world with demons and Wardens in it. Although, I believe that in the other 2 books we might see something extra. (Hell for example)What I didnt like... I was reading this book and The Darkest Star at the same time. Unfortunately I read exactly the same scene, but with different characters. (Layla&Roth, Luc&Evie). Another thing I didnt like was the fact that Layla suposedly was trained to encounter demons but in the whole book she was the one who needed saving...The conclusion... Overall, I think that it was a good and sweet book that you could read on a rainy day, or at the beach. It was enjoyable. There were some stimmy scenes that I loved and some others that made me feel anxious. Grab this book If you need a light and quick read. P.S.: Lux Sereies ( Obsidian ) is still my favourite work of Jennifer L. Armentrout and on my top 3 Series of all time. If you havent read it yet, what are you doing with your life? 😂 Love y'all ❤ See you on the next one...
4.5/5 This was an AWESOME journey.The start was a bit slow and sometimes confusing about the world building (thank God I was annotating) but I loved ALL the characters and it gave me all the feels❤️‍🔥The last 100 pages were FIRE🔥🔥🔥 Plot twists, action, emotions…. Ah EMOTIONAL DAMAGE to be exact!!!You can check my Reading Vlog on my YouTube channel for more.Special thanks to my awesome buddy readers: Vaso and Froso🥰
That’s why we need to read the novellas! Because even though they are independent from the story. They always give something more. Well this one made me HATE Adam. He is not a good person and he doesn’t deserve the people around him. I wasn’t fond of him but now I am deeply disappointed and disgusted.
Oh my God this book 😭😭😭😭😭I feel empty. I am in need of more 😭😭😭♥️Review to come
it was incredible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love Jace so much!!!!!!!
This graphic novel was just AWESOME!No words are needed.It has the right amount of drama, hotness, graphic scenes, sadness and anxiety.I couldn’t stop reading. I had a long time to read books that kept me awake at night. That was the only thing I could think all day.This book was everything I needed.And an excellent illustration too!
It broke my heart and I wasn't ready for this! The review when I get over what happened...I need to burn the whole palace! I am furious 🤬
Characters: 5/5Plot: 3/5Eager to read: 2/5Sum: 3.5/5That's hard for me. I am late, but finally here. So, I didn't like the first book. I believe it was ok but not for all this hype. When I started reading the second, I was thrilled! And when I finished it, It was the only thing I could think of. That's why I believed that the third one would be awesome too.I grabbed the third at once. The same night I finished the second. I liked the first chapters, but at some point, I stopped reading. I tried the next day and the following one but someday I stopped reading. I couldn't remember why.When the book translated into Greek and bought it, I started reading it again. Then I understood why I had stopped. There wasn't something to hold me. The story repeated itself over and over again and I felt like the words were there to fill the book and not go on with the plot. I had to wait until page 500+ to finally get my interest back. But even then at the end (the great war we were afraid) all seemed so rushed and not real.This book wasn't as good as I hoped, but it made me cry, laugh, and believe in love all over again. It wasn't about the plot, It was about the characters.There is only one reason for me to read this series: Because of the Characters!They are so real. They are all different but so perfect for each other. They are unique and you can connect with them. They truly are amazing. And that's why I give the book the half star and rate this book with 3.5/5. Not because I believe that it's worth the hype or the high rating, but because of the characters. Because I loved AND felt them.
I had missed these characters! Amazing art as always and incredible story <3
Review to come
4.5/5I really loved this book. The end was sweet and full of hope. Although I felt like that some things happened again and again. So the book was truly amazing but scarlet and cress were better.That doesn't mean I didn't likes this one, I loved it! And I am excited to read the nuvellas.This series are a masterpiece that everyone must read <3
I just finished it and I will try to write a proper review and put aside my anger for Poppy!Anyway...Most people say that the first 200 pages are extremely slow. I don't believe that, maybe because I was listening to the audiobook.I really enjoyed it from the start. I liked the vibe and the scenery and I was positively astonished by the fact that Jennifer can write so good High Fantasy. (I am only saying this because she usually writes Urban Fantasy Romance).This book was a Romance Fantasy, so there were many steamy scenes, that was really good! Although I would like to see more fantasy and I wanted more explanation about the magical species that exist.It was a really good start, and I am excited for the next one.
I am out of words! I freaking loved this book! Review to come when I feel ready <3
Oh my gosh!!!!!! The ending gave me chills!!!!
2.5/5There were some good quotes but the truth is it didn't help at all with the "problems"
It was AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I CAN'T WAIT FOR THE BOOK 6
I am not ready for a review. I am devastated 😭
Yes I finished it ! After all this time, I did it 🥳Mini review because everyone has already read it...Things I liked:- Fast paced- You don’t have the time to take a breath, always something is happening.- Wonderful culture! I loved it bc I haven’t read anything like that.- Loved the ships ! Especially Amari and Jane ♥️- Loved how the friendship between the girl evolved as the book continued.- I had so many emotions! This book had it all...- it is huge but you can read it super fast!Negatives:- I wasn’t addicted to it. I didn’t have the eagerness to continue reading after leaving for a while. (Maybe because I was on a reading slump?)- I couldn’t fall in love with the love of the protagonists. I wanted them to be together but I was ok if they wasn’t.All in all, I do understand the hype. It was an amazing book! Either you are a lover of fantasy or not, I strongly hold that you will enjoy this book.If you need something different, with the enemies to lovers trope and strong female friendship, then that’s for you♥️
i wish i could rate it with six stars. Brilliant and funny. A beginers guide to every person with doubts, and not only...
When a god confesses, the result is a bible. Stray, gay, heavy metal or a pop fan you will enjoy uncle's Rob story .
** spoiler alert ** I'm too lazy to write a review lolThis kind of suffered for book-two syndrome since nothing reeeeally happened, I mean sure, things happened but idkMaybe it was because we were in the same setting for too longEmma and Julian OMGKIT AND TY HOLY FUCK I NEED THEM PLEASE PLEASEEEEOk yeah I'm stoppingLivia... (sigh)She really didn't have to dieI don't really get itIt was sad afOkay that's allOkay also how could I possibly forget the love fucking triangle that we find in Mark, Kieran and Christina, like what the fuck Cassandra Clare? Have we not establish that love triangles are not good, they don't work and they only bring suffering?HAVE I NOT SUFFERED ENOUGH READING YOUR FUCKING BOOKS, CASSANDRA?ok now I'm done
Starting my Harry Potter re redathon and I'm so exciteddddSo I was never a huge fan of the first book, not sentimenatly attached maybe because is started with the chamber of secrets. But with this re-read I absolutely fall in love again! The introduction to the world, to the characters is brilliant and this is literally the best first book and any series ever. Just a cute, wholesome, funny read (I was laughing out loud so many times!), back when everything was pure and innocent, lolI almost teared up at the end for all that happiness, I just love that over optimistic approche on everything, it was a children's book after all so I don't really think I should complain about it as so many people do.
3.5 This is soooo much different that the movieNo, scratch that, the book has nothing to do with the movieEverything is different but idk if it's in a good way or a bad wayStill, a really solid book, nice plot, plot twist (especially when they went back to the maze, loved that)So yeah
3.5AmazingI'm stopping the series here cause I don't want Rhysand and feyre my life
I adored thisHoly fucking hell this is the best romance book I've ever readI smiled, I grinned, I laughed, I cried, all the feels were there manLove love loooove thisWhere can I find a Wes Bennett?
** spoiler alert ** (or 4.5 lol) Now, the question is: Did I finish this book or did this book finish me?These violent delights uhhh man, that was violent for my mental health.I was really intrigued by the premise of this because who doesn't love a dark academia toxic/ obsessive queer relationship type of thing? So I was very excited about this.It took me a week to read this cause I was busy with school and all that, so it didn't really flow well for me, idk.It was kinda slow but it wasn't?I don't know how to describe it.Anyway. Paul and Julian. Julian ans Paul. Their relationship was so flawed and bad and idek that I was really frustrated with them most of the time. And I kinda hated Julian for the magority of the book.I can't really say much, I can't get my thoughts together, I'm all over the place cause THAT FUCKING ENDING BRO.It seriously broke me.WHY, WHY THE HELL Paul killed Julian??He is insane, he is freaking insane and then I was waiting for him to kill himself but he fucking didn't. Like what is this.And don't even get me started with the letter and the page for the chess book, I was literally sobbing (even thought I don't really understand the connection cause I'm dumb af)So yeah, this book was interesting to say the least, it's five stars for now but I don't quite feel like it's a five star read for me. Maybe it's 4.5But that 5 star looks good in it idkkI will leave like this for now.Thanks for the emotional damage, you're welcome anytime.OK OKSO APPARENTLY JULIAN IS NOT DEAD.FUCK ME I'M SO STUPID
** spoiler alert ** I will not get over this book, I don't think. THIS BOOK ENDED ME!We had Nikolai and Zoya slowly (VERY GODDAMN SLOWLY) admitting their feelings for each otherWe had Nina and Hanne and then we thought we didn't have Hanne but WE HAVE HANNE AND NOW NINA WILL RULE FJERDA, EXCUSE ME?We had David's death. I'm very calm about that, thank you very muchWe had an Alina and Mal appearance, omg my babiessssWE HAD KAZ BREKKER, JESPER, WYLAN AND INEJ FUCKING GHAFA IN THIS GODFORSHAKEN BOOK.that's literally all I care about. This can't be real. I can't believe this happenedAnd the way RoW ended (ZOYA'S CORONATION, EXCUSE ME?), with the definite possibility of a SOC 3You can understand how I feelThis book killed me and cured me all the sameI want more Grishaverse now, PLEASE LEIGH I'M BEGGING
Me: Six of crows destroyed meCrooked kingdom: allow me to introduce myself
** spoiler alert ** WowWhat a bookThe last book in the mortal instruments couldn't be more soul crashing and heart shattering, but knowing Cassandra Clare all too well now, that much was expected.I liked a lot of things about this book, especially the relationships between the characters, well developed now after 5 books.I also really liked Sebastian as a villain, he was so interesting and crazy and insane, a fucking psychopath, but at the same time so lonely and sad and my heart just broke for him at the end, for the boy that he could've been.Tessa Gray, Jem Carstairs appeared in this book only to break my heart more, and I don't really appreciate them being together but I love them so much so if they said that Will was happy watching them then who am I to disagree?Simon, oh Simon. He was my least favorite character in the series, I didn't have a strong connection with him so I managed to remain calm when the whole thing with the memories happened. Nonetheless, my heart broke for Clary and Isabelle. And of course I was so happy when we realized there is hope for him to remember again.Now, Emma and Julian. A nice introduction to the next series, the dark artifices, and I really like them both and I want to see more of them when I eventually read the series. I can't help but dislike Emma a bit, I don't know, it's just the vibes I'm getting, I can't explain it lolBut we'll see, she's just a little kid nowJace and Clary OMG. The development, the chemistry of their whole relationship. I feel like they both grew so much throughout the series, especially Jace, and I just really love them both and I wish them sooo much happiness. Also, Jace is finally a Herondale and I'M SCREAMING! Over all I found this book to be the perfect conclusion to this series, it tied so many things together, I feel like it was a conclusion to both The mortal instruments and the infernal devices as well. I feel really happy that I have finished reading about this world and those characters for now, I'm preparing myself for Lady of midnight lol
** spoiler alert ** 1.5This book was..I don't even know what to sayI'll start with the things I liked, since they are not a lot:1. AchillesI really enjoyed him for the most part and I just wish the story was from his pov, it would've been a million times better2. The ending (kinda)I like how Patroclus was still narrating even when he was dead, just because he wasn't properly buried, I found it beautiful3. The fact that there weren't a lot historical inaccuraciesI'm from Greece so I already knew the whole story and I appreciated the plot points for being accurate (for the most part) 4. ODYSSEUSI loved him sooo much, he was the only character that was enjoyable and funny and clever and had some sort of personality. I really liked his conversations with people, he was amazing. Okay and now to the things that I did not like (a big list coming):1. PatroclusTo say that I hated him is an understatementHe was sooooo insecure, so self-conscious, so unbelievably stupid that I almost couldn't read through some pagesHe was always so damn selfish, they were at war and he had a problem with Achilles killing people? Hate to break it to you but that's how a war works, sweetheart.I just can't deal with him, his character was so awful the entire time, he was basically useless and then he somehow becomes the best of the Murmidons? Like how? How the hell. I don't understand.He never really understood Achilles and how much this war meant for him and his reputation and all he ever did was complaint to him that he "lost himself" and some bullshit, as if people don't change by the war. But he wouldn't know cause he was not going out every single day fighting for his people and their lives, lol.And the one time he did he made sure to do some stupid shit and get himself killed! All for the drama.2. SO. MANY. FORESHADOWINGS.Like, so many. We basically had the whole plot figured out, while the characters were having stupid dialogues and thoughts being like: ohhh I'll go to the battle and yeah I will not die we will reunite again and talk and be happy for all our lives, like it's not possible for me to die, oh god.Idk, I just found it incredibly stupid and a waste of time and words and pages even.I just can't understand the use of it.3. ThetisOkay I bet a lot of people agree with me on this one. But like, Thetis was awful. So awful. More than she should, she was being a bitch for literally no reason. I cannot understand why she hated Patroclus so much (okay I kinda can cause I hate him too) but like? Her behavior is reeeally sus. And the way he treated Achilles before his death, as if he were dead, he only cared about his goddamned reputation. And the fact that she was polite to Patroclus in the end, like how? Why? We never fucking saw it coming, it's so frustrating. 4. Achilles' heelOkay sooooI think we all know the true story behind Achilles' death. That he was immortal, he couldn't die, because Thetis put him in some river that made him immortal, whatever. And everywhere expect for his heel, he could not get killed. Now, this little veeery unimportant detail was not even mentioned in the book, it didn't even existe. Achilles, Aristos Achaion, just died from an arrow on his back. Oh please, if this was it he could've been killed years ago (let's forget the prophecy, okay?). And I can understand that maybe the author didn't want to mention it and make up another reason for his death, but I just can't imagine why! Why wouldn't you use the whole thing with the heel, something so beautiful and poetic and tragic, cause honestly him dying from an arrow to his back does not convince me.5. The romance Okay so I started reading this book and I had already decided that I hated Achilles and Patroclus together cause I truly believe they were friends and I can't believe that we degrade so much the power of friendship, anyway (it's not that history hated lovers, it's just that not everyone is the lover of someone else, not everyone has to be romantically involved with someone else, GET OVER IT). The thing is that I cannot see a strong romantic relationship in this book. Patroclus was from the start obsessed with Achilles, like they were NEVER friends and it was just awful cause I would've appreciated seeing then being friends and then seeing their feelings evolve. But it was just so freaking awkward and uncomfortable for everyone. Patroclus honey you were definitely friend zoned, I'm very sorry. And I just don't think that Achilles truly cared that much for him, maybe that's because we only got to see his point of view. Idk. But this book is sure as hell not the epic love story that a lot are saying it is. It's barely forced, with all those beautiful quotes there just to remind us that "oh yeah you know, they are together, they love each other" even though we don't see enough action and gestures that prove it. 6. FeetOMG I can't get over the million times that Patroclus marveled Achilles' feet, oh God Madeline girl are you okay?I think that's all, lolIt was a wild ride for sure
Amazing, thought I had found the killer but oh wellAgatha Christie THE queen of mystery proved me wrong once againI really should stop trying to guess
What a disgusting, beautiful, mind-blowing little bookI loved everything, the writing, the characters, even the main character cause he and his thought process was so interesting
** spoiler alert ** Really hard to get through, as soon as I was into it, I finished it in like 2 daysWill was fucking mentioned and now that I know that Brother Zachariah is Jem...STOP PLAYING WITH MY POOR HEART
This has to be 4 stars because I'm expecting great things for the next onesOkay, I hated CaravalBut, oh my, was this book absolutely addicting and amazingI flew through it and I just can't wait to read the whole series
So cliché so stereotypical, the bad boy and the good girl and all thatIt was kinda fun thoughBuuuuuuut
4.5 maybe?What a book!!!Honestly I went into this knowing nothing but the fact that it had to do with Jack the ripper and I left with a new fictional crush.THOMAS CRESSWELL EVERYBODYI loved this book, I loved the plot, the characters, Audrey Rose and Thomas were hilarious and amazing and I loved their dynamic and relationships.It's time to flex I guess😂But I found out who was Jack the Ripper from the early chapters. Like, there were so many clues and stuff and it was just easy for me and it was kinda stupid how Audrey Rose never freaking suspected anything. Like, it's always the character that's less likely to do the shit that always does the shit. Only Thomas and I figured it out, COUPLE GOALSSS.Like honestly I don't know if I ship him with Audrey Rose or with me lolIt was one of the few times in the history of me reading books with female protagonists that I actually liked the female protagonist LOLAudrey Rose was amazing, funny, clever and yeah, nothing to complain about igAnd now let's talk about my new boyfriend, Thomas Tommy Cresswell (I was definitely calling him Tommy through this entire book lol)He is handsome, sarcastic, clever, cute, sarcastic, adorable, hilarious, did I mention sarcastic?This boy omfg he will be the death of me with his comments, I swear to god.I devoured his conversations with Audrey Rose like it was a souvlaki.That's all I guess lolI will definitely read the sequel, I already have it, I'm just waiting for a little time to pass so I don't get bored lol
Her best bookSimply genius
"Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living and above all those who live without love.""After all this time?" "Always" OMGFirst of all I need to say that I'm very emotional right now, I just finished the book which means that I have finished the readathon in two weeks and a half!!I can't believe this is over, I can't believe how this is over but all I can say is that I loved this book as the big finale of the series.This book has everything: action, friendship, love, lots of magic, secrets are revealed and we take a closer look at the situation now that voldemort is back and ruling the world. I also reeeeeally loved Dumbledore and the fact that we learnt more about his past and his relationship with Grindelwald (a story that I'm so interested in omg)The ending is amazing. The battle of Hogwarts, the big reveal that Harry has to sacrifice himself, the fact that he fucking went to die but he lived and he then killed voldemort, and he knew, he knew so much that voldemort never understood and their conversation just before he killed him is so fantastic and iconic. And of course the fact that he used expelliarmus lol, what a troll. Severus Snape. That's all I have to say. My heart honestly breaks for this man, all the things he went through, all the things he had to do, he was so brave and clever and I just love him and pity him so much. His whole life he was a double agent, risking his life for Dumbledore and everyone, fucking everyone questioned his loyalty and at the end, through his own memories, here comes the big reveal: he was working for Dumbledore all along because he was in love with lily, he protected Harry for her, all for her, god fucking dammit. I'm so fucking sad right now. And that's why he got so mad when everyone was calling him a coward when on reality he was the bravest character in the whole series, he is the best character for me along with Harry and Dumbledore, I just can't fucking do this."All was well."The fucking ending chapter. 19 years later, fuck my life. It's so sad. It's so good. It's everything.I can't believe I finished the series. I want more books lol. This can't be over. I love this world so much, I love these characters so much, I love these books so much, they are a part of me, a part of my heart, a part of my soul, my seven little horcruxes that keep me safe and alive.Goddamn.All is well.
Love it love it love it since I was a kid
** spoiler alert ** Is it embarrassing to say that I cryed finishing this book? Probably. But I absolutely did for some reason lolThis book idk. It was soooo good. The whole plot, the battle scene in the end, Jase and Kazi, all the side characters, everything was just perfectIt was kinda slow in the beginning but WHO THE FUCK CARES, RIGHT?I sure as hell don't.I felt sooo bad for Montegue in the end, the way he died, his last words, it was so tragic that he was so desperate to be loved and appreciated and all that, it kind of reminded me of Sebastian from the mortal instruments (I won't even begin to tell you about how much I cried when he died)I also really love Synové and Manson, miss Pearson I demand they get their own story now, I ship them so hardKazi and Jase, my little babes (I rhymed omg)I love them so much, I was so happy for them in the end that I literally cried. THEY WERE TEARS OF JOY, OK?I don't know what else to say lolI ended up really loving this duology, thank you to Haley Pham and that one girl from my summer vacation who recommended it to me lol
It was okay lolIdk what to sayI liked Conrad and Taylor in this one so I guess that's kind of a progressThis series is so mediocre and cliché and bad, I'm surprised it gets so much hype lolAlso Conrad's letters>>>> the whole book
** spoiler alert ** 4.5I have tried and I have tried again so many times to read an Emily Henry book. I started reading Beach Read and I gave up. I then started reading Book Lovers and I also gave up.But I actually read Funny Story, I pushed thought it, but it was so enjoyable and entertaining and funny and cute that it didn't feel like a chore or idk I wasn't pressuring myself to finish the bookI really liked it so maybe it's time to read more Emily Henry books? Who knows...
** spoiler alert ** Okay, this was honestly AMAZINGI had doubts going into this because a lot of people didn't like it but I caved eventually and when I tell you it was the best decision of my life, believe meCoriolanus Snow. Can I just say, his name is everything, like, 10 out of 10, amazingBut other than that....It's amazing how we are watching his entire personality come apart, from the beginning where he was really kinda good, until the end when he turned to a fucking psychoThe last chapters honestly had me reeling, the whole chasing-in-the-forest thing that Lucy Gray and him had going on scared the shit out of meYeah, Snow was terrifying in the endAnd that godforsaken "Snow lands on top" thing at the end, I honestly had chills, like, the ending was so so SO GOODI loved this book, beginning to end I can't wait to see the fucking movie, I CAN'T WAIT
4.5Absolutely amazingDidn't rate it 5 stars cause I think it was dragging a bit in the middle, too much info lol
OkayThis was crazyAt first I thought this was gonna be like the movie psycho (which is absolutely scary and I was scared to death)But it turned out to be soooo much more and it was a bit predictable at times, like I'm pretty sure I predicted all the big twists, but it was still a nice and scary read
** spoiler alert ** I was so excited about this bookkkkkAnd it didn't disappointIt was kinda hard to get into, it took me some 200 pages but once I was into it I was hooked!!I can't believe that I read my first saderson...I loved kelsier, I loved vin, I loved ham, I loved sazed, I loved breeze, I loved dox, I loved marsh, I loved oh I loved elendI LOVE EVERYONEI will be honest I wasn't expecting half the things that happened to happen.I remember telling myself when kelsier fought the you know that he can't possibly die cause he's the fucking main character and the he fucking proceeded to die a few pages later.Vin I didn't like at first but then I loved her character developmenttttAnd I also love her relationship with elend, I just fucking love elend in general, don't mind me.I can't give this book anything less that 5 stars, I'm moving to the next one IMMEDIATELYHOW COULD I HAVE POSSIBLY FORGOTTEN TO TALK ABOUT THE MAGIC SYSTEM.it's by far the best I have ever read, so complex and interesting and amazing and I just loved it.The experience of reading this book was something else. I feel like I stepped up from what I've been reading, I'm like: this is what reading fantasy is supposed to be. Proper fantasy. Not ya bullshit.
OkaySoI re-read this cause I wanted to see why this is everyone's favorite Christie novelAnd I can't really say that I get it nowI mean it was fine, it was nice but I also knew the killer so yeah, no surprise for meAnd yeah, it's just not one of my favorites, what can I say
** spoiler alert ** I don't know how to feel about this bookI liked it? I didn't like it?I truly don't knowWhat I know is that it was surprising and unexpected in so many ways. First of all, the main character, JudeI had never imagined her and if I had, I missed terribly cause Jude is truly something elseShe is soooo cruel and mean and roughless that I don't know what to make of her, I don't know if I like her or notPowerful and strong, everything was up to her from the very beginning. Cardan, on the other hand, is so useless and insignificant that I don't even know what his purpose is, other than to annoy Jude and eventually be the love interestAnd by eventually I mean propably in the 3rd book cause when I'm telling you that there is not an ounce of romance in this book you better believe meSeriously this is the most enemies to lovers I have ever seen or read in my lifeLike, at this point, they hate each other so much that I can't see how they will develop a romantic relationship in the future and I'm not sure if I want them to do it. I don't know.The world building was great, pretty interesting world even though I don't really like fairies and all that stuff. The political themes of the book were interesting enough, the plot was so good but I can't shake the though that I would've enjoyed it if it were in a series (the Spanish princess is a great example) but now that I'm reading about all that political stuff about kings and heirs, I don't know how to feelThe plot twists Jude continued to deliver throughout the book were delicious and I loved every bit of them, especially when she crowned Cardan instead of Oak, I was seriously standing open-mouthed while reading that part. Lastly, I was a little hesitant about the fact that the book is only from Jude's pov and in first person, but it was nice to be able to see her thoughts and the writing was interesting enough that I have no complaints I just wish we got to know Cardan a little better but okay, we can't have it all
Eerily realistic, terrifying, amazing
3.5Thought I won't like it but wellIt was nice
This was just smut lolThat was all that I cared about cause really if we focus on plot and characters this book was trashSo I kind of enjoyed it for what it was and that's about it lolI won't be reading the second one for sure
A fucking masterpiece
** spoiler alert ** 5 starsI don't careTHIS BOOK MADE ME MADThe ending made me madBut it was perfect, the entire book was just perfectionI loved all the characters (I mean, I don't know how I feel towards Mark and Keiran but whatever) and I was so happy when Magnus, Jace and Clary made a little cameoooAnd don't even get me started on Will and Tessa OMGAnd Kit???? What the freak was that aboutI mean, a Herondale was essential to the story so good thingEmma and Julian oh my freaking god, I have never felt such strong emotions in my life, I adore them with every fiber of my beingTheir love for each other is just off the charts like wowJulian needs to be protected at all costsAnd so does Ty I don't care OMG Ty is literally so cuteWhat elseIdk
This book was unexpectedly gifted to me lolI would've never picked it up myself but now that I had it I was so excited to read itI watched the show and I LOVED ITSo the book for a me was a huge disappointmentBelly is so goddamn awful, Conrad is so bad, only Jeremiah my baby was niceIt was so different from the show and I'm so happy that they did things in the show the way they did cause the book sucked, they fixed the whole thingThat being said, I am indeed gonna read the next two books cause I wanna know what happens, okay? This book ended in a fucking cliffhanger
** spoiler alert ** 4.5HOLY SHIT, I FINALLY READ THISThis has been such an anticipated read for me and I'm so happy (I was literally jumping around my room) that I had finally read thisI loved this storyI loved Victor, Mitch, Sydney, the whole group, they were so cute and amazing togetherVictor was such a pretentious, psychotic, attention seeker but I couldn't help but love him and root for him, you know?"it must be exhausting always rooting for the anti-hero" yeah Taylor, you were rightI was truly wishing for him to get his sweet revengeNow, Eli...Eli, I don't know what to sayLet's start by saying WHY THE HELL WOULD HE CHOOSE HIS SURNAME TO BE EVER? It's literally the stupidest shit ever.Ever. Ha ha.AnywayThat aside, I didn't like Eli most of the time, but I also kind of liked him?I mean, I was team Victor, sorry, but there were times where I just wished Eli wasn't so stupid and that he would stop insisting on that stupid theory of his but alas. Nothing happen.Instead, Vic put him to freaking jail!I loved that.Victor and Eli kind of remind me of Julian and Paul. Okay, and guess who's who...LolIt's a tricky question, could be both ways but how I see it is that Paul is Victor and Eli is JulianNot to imply that Eli is blameless and a victim but I meannnThat's kind of what it is, cause Victor is clearly a psycho and determined to harm him.So yeah.Serena...OMG I hated that woman with a burning passion. I was so glad when Victor slid a knife down her throat, you have no idea.She was so annoying and awful to everyone, she almost made me feel bad for Eli, I really felt bad for him cause he was also her victim and yeahEli basically was a victim for the entirety of the novelAnd don't get me wrong, I loved seeing him being humiliated, but it also kind of sucked. I am so happy that Victor is alive again, he is gonna be soooo fucking delighted when he hears what happened to Eli, I really want to see his reaction lolI almost immediately grabbed Vengeful from my self cause I want to find out what was happening next, but I read the back and I was kind of confused cause what, we are following a different character now? Like wtf. Idk. We'll see soon enough THAT'S IT LOLIt didn't really feel like a 5 start book so I just gave it 4.5. Still really good tho
Soooo nice, I loved the writing I loved everything about this book except for the ending, kinda, but it was very unique
A masterpieceI kicked off this year by crying over a fucking sad historical novel about WW2I see no better way to start my yearThis was so good, so emotional, so beautifully written, I can't even describe it
It freaked me out
Amazing, love will and jem holy shit
I finished this a couple days ago but forgot to update goodreads lolThis book was weird for meButThat doesn't mean that I did not love itCAUSE I ADORED ITThe way I screamed and sobbed when I thought that Elend was dying and then we lived and it turned out he was a mistborn and I was absolutely calling it from the start and just all the feels and uhhhVin and Elend's relationship was a roller-coaster in this one and it drove me insane, crazy, mad, all of thatBut in the end all good lolThree armies againsts LuthadelLike holy shit broIf I was Elend I wouldn't be able to have a moment of peace ever in my lifeMy little baby is so cute and clever and amazing, I love him so muchI don't know how to feel towards VinI mean, I have accepted the fact that I don't like most female main characters in general but with Vin idk it's complicatedThe one moment I love her I'm like Yaz girl slay and the next she is giving me nothing and I'm mad at herIdk what to make of that, lolI'm still not over Kelsier's death.And now Dox and Clubs died as wellllOK I wasn't super attached to them and I'm not devastated but it was still kinda sadZane...OmgI'm kind of sad that he died cause while I hated the man he was so interesting and I loved his dynamic with VinAlso does anyone else pronounce Vin as Van (like the French word for wine) in their heads or is it just meJust me?OK...That's allHero of Ages, I'm coming to get my heart destroyed
I was so excited for thisBut also scared because of Sirius's death, obviouslyBut I was so excited cause the plot and everything that happens in this book are so genius and exciting and amazing and heart-breakingIt took me five freaking days and I blame it mainly on the page number, I kinda got destructed lolSo, I loved Harry on this one. We have the opportunity to get more of his psychology and his thoughts and feelings and I really appreciated that. And as someone who is currently 15, the same age as Harry in this book, I could truly relate and understand his feelings lol. OK, sometimes he was a little annoying with his temper and his mood but it was understandable.Other than Harry, I expected to love this re-read more than I did. I was, not exactly bored, but I was waiting for amazing shit to happen, for scenes that I had forgotten about to pop up, but that never happened. So, while I loved reading this book it was not as epic as when I was reading the previous four. Maybe it's because I have read it too many times, who knows lol.The last 100 pages, oh Mann.My heart is broken for Harry, honestly.He went through so much and now Sirius, his godfather, the only person he was so close after his parents, is dead. And honestly, the author's descriptions about how he was feeling after his death were so so so good and genius, they broke my freaking heartI genuinely cried at the chapter where Dumbledore eventually told him the truth about the prophecy. It was so heart-breaking and my heart broke for both Dumbledore and Harry.Needless to say I am soooo excited about Half Blood prince, even though it's my least favorite book in the series, meaning I enjoy it the least, but I still freaking love it. So yeah, I should jump right into it lol.
** spoiler alert ** Okay so maybe 4.5?I don't know, I really loved this but I feel like I enjoyed If you could see the sun moreIdk, I didn't connect to Julius that much, though I really have to say he was so hot in the kissing scenes, like please give me more of thissLike yeahSadie was so likable and just, I don't know, I really like herThat's it. Great academic rivals to lovers romance, one of my favorite tropes
Sooo I was so excited for this because of Sirius Black being introduced.He is one of my favorite characters and I absolutely love his relationship with Harry.Now, prisoner of Azkaban is pretty low on my Harry Potter books ranking, nglBut that doesn't meen I don't love this book cause I fucking do, we are introduced to so many important characters for later in the series and it's the first time where the ending is not completely happy and all good and stuff, but that happiness is kind of overshadowed by Pettigrew's escape.But yeah, it was so nice re-reading it I finished it also pretty quickly which is surprising cause she's a thick one lolAnd the books are just getting thicker and thicker so off we go into Goblet of fire!
** spoiler alert ** I'm truly at loss for words.This book was something else.This book was so brilliant I can't even speak rn, holy shitI LOVED THISI love everything about it, even though I don't know a damn thing about theater and Shakespeare, I was so emersed in the story, the plot was amazing, the characters were all amazing and so well developed and I just, yeah, not a single critique on this.Oliver....Oh god, I mean, where do I even start? He was first of all so relatable to us as readers I feel like. I loved his internal monologue. I'm just gonna get this out of the way and say HE WAS IN FUCKING LOVE WITH JAMES, OKAY?I mean, yeah, sure, he even admits to that in the end, but at the beginning, OMG, the angst, the denial that they were both in, it drove me CRAZY.I was full-on screaming at them to just get their shit together and admit their feelings. But at the same it, it was so fucking beautiful, the way the author showed how they fell and how Oliver began to realize, almost at the same time as us, the readers. It all felt real and unexpected in the best way, I just feel like this was the best developed romance I have ever read and that says a lot. And I should also mention that it's literally best friends to lovers, my favorite romance Trope EVER. This was literally perfect.Their kiss, OMG, god help me, I wasn't expecting it, it was so beautiful and tragic but I wish it could've been longer and at literally any other moment, because literally on the next page the police officer came to arrest...FUCKING JAMES!AND OLIVER CONFESSED FOR HIM AND SACRIFICED HIMSELF AND OMG!I just started crying right then and there. And I never stopped.The epilogue was literally the death of me. Not only Oliver confessed that he was in love with James and now that he's out of prison all he wants is to see him, but we also learn from Filippa (what a queen, I love her) that JAMES IS APPARENTLY DEAD. BECAUSE HE KILLED HIMSELF. I died. I literally died, I was like "bitch we need to stop I can't take this anymore" but nooooo. This épilogue just delivered blow after blow after blow.OLIVER IS STILL IN LOVE WITH JAMES EVERYBODY.My soul left my body. Truly.And then the fucking letter, BECAUSE OF COURSE JAMES LEFT A LETTER FULL OF FUCKING LINES FROM A PLAY BECAUSE HE IS SO FUCKING PRETENTIOUS, EVEN IN DEATH.But then, nooooo, there is no end to our suffering, because apparently Oliver (he is the only one who kind of understood the lines) is convinced that James ISN'T DEAD, and he does his research and he finds that the body WAS NEVER FOUND.HOLY HELL. HOLY FUCKING HELL, THIS IS NOT HAPPENING TO ME RN.For the sake of my own sanity, I am choosing to believe that James is alive and Oliver finds him and they live happily ever after. That's all.I just need a moment to talk about the rest of the characters.Filippa was really one of my faves, she's so sweet and kind and always there for everyone, especially Oliver an 8 trike love her for that! She is my queen, she deserves every happiness in the world, I don't care.Alexander was the comedic relief in this book apparently and I liked him for this, he had some pretty funny lines, but yeah, nothing special, I mean we never learned what has the matter with him and he almost died from drug overdose but it's okay, we were too busy with James and Oliver to notice.Wren is doing nothing for me. Really, I don't care, I only cared because James at the beginning was like really really "in love" with her and all that bullshit, so yeah. And finally (yeah, I'm not pending a single word on Richard) Meredith. See, the thing with Meredith is, in almost the entirety of the novel I wasn't liking her very much because she was getting in the way of my ship, but I actually love her now, especially after the épilogue. I mean, I don't know how I feel about the fact that she snitched James to the police... Yeah, now that I think about it I probably like her less lol. But it's okay, she's fine.This book ended me, OMG, I loved it so much, 5 stars are not even enough, I NEED A SEQUEL.
** spoiler alert ** I couldn't possibly give this little masterpiece of a book less than 5 starsHenry Li please marry meI mean, to be honest, I don't know if I love Alice or Henry more lolAlice, oh God. This character means so much to me, I used to be a lot like her and in a way I still am and this book was just uhhSo amazing and heartbreaking but also hopeful and optimisticI loved the ending and I really need more of this, Ann Liang PLEASEHOW DID I FORGET TO MENTION THAT HENRY FUCKING LI LITERALLY LISTENS TO TAYLOR SWIFT?!?!?!?he is the love of my life yall
I don't know what to say...I read this book because I loved the new season and I wanted moreAnd I wasn't expecting thatEverything in this book is different from the series in the best best BEST way possibleI loved it all, holy freaking shitFive stars might seem a lot but what can I say...
3.5Okay so wbk that Agatha Christie never disappointsHowever, this book was not her greatestThe mystery even though it was clever it was kind of weird and I even found out the killer, something that never happens with Agatha ChristiePoirot was not really in much of the story, just in the end, and the ending and the explanation were kinda rushed and a lot happened behind the scenes so you know, it was not the Mind-blowing shit that I'm used to read when I read an Agatha Christie bookBut it was okay overall, I enjoyed it
** spoiler alert ** 4.5I really liked thisssElspeth and Ravyn, I love themThe world, the magic, everything is so unique and interesting
** spoiler alert ** 5 stars are not enough for thisMy favorite in the trilogy for sure!First of all we had Mistborn Badass bad bitch Elend and I'M LIVING FOR ITI loved him in this book, he is one of my favorite characters now and holy fuck he's so hot and-Yeah you get the pointVin is a lucky bitchI loved all the characters, all the action, the plot, everything was amazingAnd the plot twists, Mann I loved themSome reactions after I finished the book:ELEND AND VIN FREAKING DIED?!?!?!!!?I was not prepared, I was not ready for this, what happened to Marsh, that fucker he should've died from the Prologue like I don't understand why he is alive while kelsier died from book oneI cried ffs, when sazed was revealed to be the hero of ages I was freaking sobbing when he was creating the world fuck my entire life and when all the characters went out of the caverns and hell yes and Spook omg😭🥺I can't form a sentence rnYeah that was my mental stateI went to the bathroom and I was freaking crying damnGood timesSpook also ended me, that boy...Sazed was getting on my nerves sometimes but okaaaayMarsh... I don't know what to sayWhat was the purpose of staying alive?Why kill kelsier but fucking keep Marsh until the last chapter of the last freaking book?I guess we'll never knowAnyway I LOVED THIS TRILOGYUhhhhh
** spoiler alert ** Ok this wasn't quite what I was expectingTo be frank, I don't know what I was expecting but it surely wasn't this lolI, for one, thought this was book was going to take place in Alexandria, in this magical library, filled with books, knowledge, all that, and the absence of that aesthetic severely dissapointed meThe characters where ok, some more strong and well-developed that others. I liked them, I cared about them, their feelings, their relationships so yeahMy ships rn:Libby and NicoI literally love them, this whole academic rivals to lovers but also this whole "i need you and you need me" situation is totally my vibe, Olivie Blake, I am begging please let them be endgameBut I also found Tristan and Libby a sexy and kinda odd pairing, but that's what makes it really nice to readAnd also, Nico and Gideon, omggg I adore their friendship so much, Gideon is so cute and sweet but I don't ship them romanticallyParisa and DaltonLOL. Idk what to say. I love their chemistry and the sexual tension and everything, I just want Parisa to let her guard down and fall in love for once, is that too much to ask?Tristan and CallumWell. I can see this coming. I don't know if it's genuine, but I'm pretty sure they will become a thingI can't wait for Callum to become likeable in the sequelAtlas and EzraDon't ask me why. Literally, don't ask. I can't explain it, but there's something thereReina my independent, amazing, intelligent queenI don't know what else to sayThe twist at the end was good and I'm definitely excited for the next bookI can't wait for our main characters to stop this whole Atlas-world-domination thing we have going on. But to do that, Ezra, would you be so kind as to free Libby for WHEREVER YOU HAVE PUT HER!I'm asking nicely
I finished this a while now and I completely forgot to add it to my read books lolMuch better than the first, I have to admit, it was so sad and we get a better insight in some characters personalities but yeahSame shit overallWill be reading the third soon
Really loved this one!!Great setting, great character, I loved Poirot in thisExcellent
This did feel like a warm hug, holy shit
** spoiler alert ** THIS WAS SO GOODDDDDHoly freakEli seeing Victor's ghost is the highlight of this book for meAlso Eli died and I'm kinda sad and kinda happy about itAlso I found out how his name is pronounced and now I'm mad and disgusted holy hellI'm also mad that Victor is not healed like brooooooHe literally kind of didn't have any purpose in this book instead of seeking a cure for his let's say disease and serving vibes and jm honestly good with that.
So so cuteI really liked it, I love atlas and lily, the whole story lines this book offered were very well executed and interesting, I can't believe that I'm saying this but I want more of this lol
I don't have a heart anymoreI don't have a fucking heartIt's not broken, it's non-existent
I wish I could give this more than 5 starsBlew my mind
2,5I don't know how to feel about this bookI was so excited cause I liked the concept and the book just didn't deliverI loved the writing style and the interview thing, it was interesting but the plot was not lolI could've cared less about any of the shit that was happening, and I wanted something to happen with Billy and Daisy to stop reading nonsense but nothing would happen like the just had feelings and that all, no drama, no angst, no nothingIdk, I felt like the whole plot of this book was around that but we spend 200 pages taking about the band and them writing songs and then suddenly Daisy is so in love with Billy and I just couldn't buy it and idkThis whole book felt pointless to meThat's what this book wasPointless.
I live for Nikolai and Zoya, you don't even understand, they have me in such a choke holdI flew through this book, I was doing nothing else other than reading it and I COULDN'T STOP, IT WAS ADDICTINGI was scared cause a lot of people said they didn't like the duology, but let's be honest, whatever Leigh Bardugo writes I eat up, and this was no exceptionI can't wait to read Rule Of WolvesI'm dying, Leigh please give me some Zoyalai content!
So so so goodddI was particularly excited about this because that's the book where everything changes and Voldemort comes back. I looooove the ending of this, the last 100 pages are pure gold and I just love everything and everyone (well, except from the obvious people). I literally was so emotional by the end and especially by Dumbledore's speech about Cendric and Harry. Like stop.I don't know what else to say, I'm so excited to read Order of the Phoenix, this shit will for sure break meUhhhhhh
** spoiler alert ** This was goodddOK so we did this thing with two friends of mine where we basically traded books for Easter and one of them gave me this book to read (in the stiffest paperback ever and I literally couldn't read cause I couldn't break the spine cause it's not my copy uhhh)This was a very easy read, very silly, very vibey and I really liked itI don't really know why it's a trilogy but oh wellI liked that the mystery was complicated, it was really well executed and it leaves a few lose ends, I guess that's where the sequels come inRavi and Pip, well I know this was not about the romance but man I wanted a development, I wanted something, not a fucking time skip where they're somehow together. I needed the whole thing, but whatever now
** spoiler alert ** This is illegalThis is absolutely illegalImagine reading this book back in 2019, imagine reading That ending and then you would have to wait 3, nearly 4 YEARS to read the sequelHell Bent comes out in January and i already wanna read that book so bad, cause the ending of Ninth House is absolutely crazy and amazing that I just wanna know what happens next, okay? I just wanna save Darlington and spend time with Alex and Dawes and Turner and all those characters that I ABSOLUTELY LOVED.The plot twist in the end was insane. This book was amazing, so well thought, so clever, so beautifully written.Leigh Bardugo truly thrives in adult fantasy, I almost don't want her to write anything in the Grishaverse again (except maybe for SoC 3?) for as long as she writes adult fantasy.Like, LEIGH PLEASEEE! I want some Alex and Darlington in my life, please
** spoiler alert ** I will never recover from thisThis book was EVERYTHINGI truly believed Elm had potential in the first book and HE DIDN'T FUCKING DISAPPOINT. I love him so much, so so so so much, he is the standard, I literally die for him and Ione"I can't fucking breath when you look at me, Ione" when I tell you I died right then and there.The story was amazing, the magic, everything, I just wanted more time with Elspeth and Ravyn but it's okay because this book was fucking perfect holy shitBest fantasy books I've read in a while, I really can't stop thinking about them (and Elm, of course)I'm also gonna say I loved Nightmare, okay? I loved everything, EVERYTHINGOkay, that's it
Great greeeat bookPoirot was amazing in this oneDidn't saw anything coming lol, as usual
Finally read this. I love mcr, I love danger days and I loved this
** spoiler alert ** Ali Hazelwood seriously puts crack into all of her books because why are they always FIVE FUCKING STARS?I read this book in a freaking day, I was obsessed beginning to end, Mallory and Nolan drove me crazy and excuse me but what was that ending?? I was expecting a game between them, THE game that we were talking about from the start, the one Nolan was literally begging for and it sure happened but we didn't see it and I feel fucking robbed okay?Other than that I loved this holy shit
3.5 I guess?I don't know how to feel about this bookNothing really happened, just vibes
I think I have to give this 3 starts cause at least the romance was kinda good.But the plot really betrayed me on thisNot strong plot twists like the other two, not so much happening, and when things were happening idk it just felt kind of predictableAnd I couldn't help but have the feeling that I wanted something more shocking to happen, but I was never satisfiedJude and Cardan, I guess they were not for meAnd maybe I don't like fairie stories so much (tbh I don't like them lol) So yeah, I appreciated it for what it was and I just have to say that I don't get the hype lol
Holy shitHoly fucking shitNot only Half blood prince became one of my faves in this re-read (it was last in my ranking) but I also fucking cried.I FUCKING CRIED BECAUSE SNAPE KILLED DUMBLEDORE AND SINCE I HAVE READ THE LAST BOOK AND I KNOW WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON I CAN'T DO THIS, OK?This book was my least favorite of the series of some reason, and I was always saying that I didn't like the vibe of itBullshitTHIS BOOK IS AMAZINGI loved it so much in this re-read that I am so surprised and also in a very uncomfortable position since I need to choose another book for my least favorite lolThis book's first chapter is probably the best first chapter in the entire series for me, along with goblet of fire. But aside from that, I just love everything in this book. I love that we get sooo much of Dumbledore, I love that we dive into voldemort's past, I love Harry, god I love him, I love e v e r y t h I n g.This book is just iconic, goddammit. I even love Draco on this one lol. Unbelievable.This re-read really surprised me and I feel my heart getting broken, and I still have one more fucking book, the most hard of all to go through.Damnnn...
Absolutely breathtaking, it freaked me out, I loved it one of my favorite books. I just love people who go mad, I loved Grenouille's psychology, I loved everything I can't even process the ending help
UmmmI don't even know what to do with this bookIt took me months to finish it and I just... I don't freaking know what to say, I sure as hell didn't like thisI'm not even gonna rate it
WowLolI've been wanting to read this book since I watched the movies a year agoI finally did and welllllI really really liked it, even though okay, I knew the plot and all that, but okay the movie is the movie and a lot of things are left out of changedThe characters felt much different from the movie idk whyNewt is possibly my fave lol are we surprised?I practically melt every time he calls Thomas TommyI don't really have anything to sayExcited to start the next oneYeahSolid
Kept me at the edge of my seat
I hate this bookIt was awful, it was literally so bad that it's hard to believe people like it and hype it up.What can I say, hype is strangeCaraval is another classic YA fantasy novel that really is not my thing anymore and I don't know why I keep reading book like this. But yeah, it was one of the first books I added on my tbr, I've been wanting to read it for ages so when my friend bought it I was like: this is the perfect opportunity for me to read it. And boy, do I regret that decision.First of all, the charactersI hated every single one of them, they were awful, flat and sooo one dimensional that it hurt when the author was trying to show some character development and it didn't workAlso the plot twists surrounding them were unsuccessful on me cause I couldn't give two fucks about all of them, so what a waste.The whole world was not explained like can please someone teach this woman some world building cause it was non existant in this book. Caraval was supposed to be this magical, amazing, fantastic kind of like a circus game and it just didn't feel like it at all, and that was the whole point of the bookOr maybe the whole point of the book was the romance? Cause if that was it it was soooo terribly executed that it was just trash. Scarlet specifically told Tella that she couldn't fall in love with someone that she just met but then proceeded to do just that! She knew Julian for what, 5 days? And half of that time she was just keeping her distance and shit, like the were dead for one whole day! So really she can't have fallen for him in such a short period, I just don't fucking buy it but I guess that's what YA does after allI don't wanna talk shit about this book anymore, I don't even wanna talk and think about it anymore. I have wasted enough brainshells.
A solid 4 star bookI reeeeeeally liked itI love Lily, her character was so well written and the story was so powerful and so well executed that I just loved itDefinitely worth the hype for me, and I liked Colleen hover's writing
** spoiler alert ** Ali Hazelwood just decides to write romance books and then publish them and i eat that shit up every time.Dare I say this was better than the Love Hypothesis?Ohh yeah, I think it was.I loved Bee. Like, really really loved her. And one think about me is that I find it difficult most of the time to like female protagonists.Levi, oh god, Levi hit a little too close to home. The way he was in love with Bee for all those years and he just couldn't move on was so painfully relatable I was so close to crying, like, actually.The plot twist with Guy and the fact that he had a gun and all that, holy shit, that escalated quickly, lolYeah, in short, I loved this book. Sex scènes were much better so that's always a plus, right?
I just finished it in time to complete my 2022 reading goal, and I must say I thoroughly enjoyed it! It was really funny and silly and I was laughing out loud most of the timeSolid
UHHHH my absolute faveThis is not only my favorite book out of the series but possibly one of my favorites of all time. Idk what it is about this book, maybe the fact that it was the first I read out of the 7 (ik, weird lol) but it absolutely gets me everytime. I love every single thing about it, ever sentence, every chapter, every period. There are truly no words to express the amount of love I have for this book. It's one of those books that just hits right, you know? That you feel that it was written just for you, that it's exactly what you want and exactly your taste, your cup of tea. I was always writing my own stories to be satisfied when sometimes books weren't giving me that satisfaction, when they didn't have the things that I wanted. But with this book there's absolutely nothing I would change or do differently. I feel like I have written this book, because exactly what I love and want in a story is right there on its pages. And I find that so important, that feeling where a book is more than just a book, it's a part of yourself, part of your body and mind, a bond unbreakable between you and the page, the paper and the world within. I haven't felt that with a lot books other than chamber of secrets (six of crows is one of them) and I absolutely cherish them for what they mean to me.So re reading this book was very important to me. It's probably one of the most re-read books in my collection, my copy is so damaged the spine was literally making weird noises all the time lol.I expected to cry but I didn't lolThe whole scene with Harry in the chamber of secrets is so phenomenal and amazing, it's literally printed in my brain, I knew by heart every line.All the feels, it was like I was reading it for the first time, that agony, that sense of horror everytime an attack happened, when they went to the forbidden forest, when they pieced the pieces together. The fucking plot of this book just gets me every fucking time, it's so clever and amazing and literally the most perfect plot I have ever seenUh man, I just love this book, what more do I need to say?I'll just shut up and carry on with the redathon cause the good ones are cominggggPs. Lockhart omfg I had almost forgotten about him he was ridiculous and hilarious and I really like his character, not like like essentially but I think he is one of the most interesting onesΗ καμάρα με τα μυστικά είναι κυριολεκτικά στα μάτια μου το καλύτερο βιβλίο που έχει γραφτεί ποτέΔηλαδή δεν υπάρχει άλλο βιβλίο που ναι είναι τόσο για μένα ρε παιδί μου, είναι κυριολεκτικά γραμμένο για μένα και τα γούστα μουΔηλαδή λατρεύω ότι γίνεται μέσα, είναι όλα τόσο έξυπνα γραμμένα, έχει αυτό το κλασσικό τύπο βιβλίου μυστηρίου όπου βάζει μικρά μικρά στοιχεία σε όλη τη διάρκεια και στο τέλος τα ενώνουν και δημιουργείται η μεγάλη εικόναΚαι απλά ιτ γκετς μι εβερ ταιμ, όλα αυτά που γίνονται, απλά το λατρεύω
3.5This book...IdkIt just feels the same as the firstNothing really changes about the characters, about the romance, the plot is slightly better and more things are happening so I appreciate thatBut like, cardan and Jude idk what's going on but even I want a little more romance in my lifeAnd I understand that this is suuuuper enemies to lovers but like, don't hype the romance up so much if for two books in a row they're supposed to hate each other.Like, I don't understand the hype sometimes.
Childhood fave
Didn't understand a thing lol
** spoiler alert ** I feel like 5 stars are not enough for this bookThis book was a roller-coasterFirst of, it was HUGE. Like, it took me 6 or 7 days to finish it and I felt like I read an entire tome about shadow hunters and their whereaboutsCan I just say that the Will references in this ended me? Yeah, they didMagnus was illegal for this. He truly wasAnd Jace, omggg, the scene where he was talking with Kit about the Herondales also ended meEmma and Julian oh my god I didn't think it was possible to love them even more than I already did but well, it happened I was soooo happy about them when their parabatai bond finally broke and they are happy togetherrMark, Christina and Kieran. Where do I even begin with them? I feel like Cassandra wanted to do an actual love triangle where everyone was in love with everyone ever since the infernal devices and she finally was able to do it and well...I didn't enjoy it that much, to be honest I was always thinking that one of them will die, that one of the has to die because there was no way this was happening But well, at the end of the day we're all happy so, yeah Ty was getting on my nerves for the entirety of this book. And honestly I'm glad that Kit got away from him cause he's so annoying and yeah, I don't dislike with but I kinda do? Idk yetJace and Clary were a joy to see again, as was Magnus and Alec, I love all of them so much and I'm so happy that we're still spending time with themJem and Tessa.... Okay, listen, I didn't hate them and it surprised me to discover that I was able to enjoy them on the page. So yeah, that was something. Also, TESSA IS FUCKING PREGNANT? I can't wait to learn more of that Diana, OMG, i love this woman with my entire heart. The transgender representation was everything I didn't know I needed. And her relationship with Gwyn omggg I love them so much Now, let's talk about the real villains of this book: Annabel Blackthorn and Zara Deanborn (I might have spelled the names wrong but I don't fucking care)I hate the both with such a passion I wanted to throw the book away when Emma spared Zara's life cause that bitch deserved to fucking die, I'm sorry but there was only one correct way for this book to end As for Annabel, we torelated her long enough, I'm so happy that Julian killed her and let me tell you I had a fucking heart attack when that eidolon demon was posing as her. Magnus and Alec got married🥺🥺I'm honestly so happy for themmBut I was still waiting for Jace and clary to announce something... Well I guess it's not their time yet, considering the epilogue, which I'm not even gonna talk about. I'm just gonna say that I really enjoyed Thule, I love the idea of alternative universes and yeah, it was a cool time Okay that's all I guess.. I can't believe I've read 12 Shadowhunter novels... It truly is beyond me
** spoiler alert ** OkWhere do I even start? I wanted to read this book the second I heard the titleThe title alone is genius, a masterpiece, the best fucking title I have ever seen in a bookAside from that, I has also interested in the story, I found it very interestingSo when I had the chance I freaking bought it and I was madly happy about itNow, it took me kinda long to read it because it's kind of hard to get into and get passed all those information and stuff that's happeningBut my oh my, does it worth the waitThe Prologue starts with kind of a flashback on locke's past, and then we continue to have these interludes at the end of each chapter where we go back to the past and for the most part, I ate those interludes up. It was so interesting to learn about the gentlemen bastards' past and all of that, and I looooooved loved Chains, he was so hilarious and he really help those kids and especially locke out.Now, in the present day, locke and his friends start with this heist, they convive a Don until the story moves forward and so much is happening that you are constantly at the edge of your seat about what's going to happen.And the plot is so good and things are constantly happening that you are immediately hooked and you wanna now what's gonna happen. And that's the stories that I like, so heavy with plot that your mind is drowned with information and stuff that's happening and you can't get bored and you can't stop reading. And that's what happened with me, I was looking forward to read every single time, and I truly loved what I was reading. I loved every little detail that later added up to the reveals at the end and the bigger picture and I was like: oh that's why we learned about this 100 pages ago.And it was soooo satisfying being able to make that connection.The lies of locke lamora is a book made of little details, of little moments, of little pieces of dialogue that later add up and built something entirely new, better and bigger.The characters in this book where kinda meh for me, I couldn't really care about anyone except for locke and Jean because we spent a lot of time with them. And I think that was the point, since this book is not character based but rather plot based (which I looooooved).So I wasn't really sad when Calo and Caldo died, and I was kinda sad for Bug because we saw him dying. On the contrary, I think their deaths was one of the best things that happened in this book, since they gave Locke and Jean the motive to seek revenge and that leveled up the story and drove it forward. And for that I'm thankfulWe can't not mention the humor in this. This book was bloody hilarious and I loved every single part of dialogue between the gentlemen bastards and father chains. I also loved locke and the lines he had, his comebacks on people were the best ones I have ever seen.I also truly love locke as a character because, despite everything, he is so incredibly human and a very realistic protagonist. He is not invincible. He makes mistakes, he truly screws up and he has to deal with the consequences, but at the same time he is freaking clever and he gets away, with help of course. I love how he almost died several times in the book, that really showed how real and human he was and that also added to the story.Jean, I don't really know what to say about him. He is so good, so loyal to his friends and kinda soft but also he can really chop your freaking bones with his hands whenever he wants. And I love him for that.Sabetha. OK now let me tell you. I am so freaking interested in her that I'm considering reading the second book just to find out what the hell is doing on. Every little mention and snippet we were getting from her, I wanted more and more and I truly find it so interesting that she is not in this book but she has such an impact on locke that you can't help but want to find out what the hell is going on with her!Over all this book was an amazing read, I really enjoyed it and while I wanted to read it as a standalone I'm considering reading the second book just to know what the freak happens. I don't know, I just want to hang out with locke and Jean and follow their journey, you know? We'll see
Clare Pooley never freaking misses.I read the Authenticity Project last year and I absolutely loved it so when they gifted me her next book for my birthday I was so damn excited! And it literally didn't dissapoint, dare I say I loved this even more.The plot was amazing, the characters phenomenal, it was truly a fabulous read, I didn't want this book to end and I will literally buy everything this woman publishes
** spoiler alert ** What can I say, I hated Celia, so I hated the whole mystery of this book, the descriptions of Hollywood and showbiz were cool, Evelyn was an interesting character, other than that...
Sooooo sooooo amazing, the ending blew my mind as alwaysAgatha Christie never fucking misses omg
What can I fucking sayOne of my favorite books of all timeIt's so good, the plot, the story, set in one of the best historical periods ever, the romance, uhhhhMy poor heart can't take thisMichael and Constantine, two best friends, except they were more than best friends. Like, their friendship gives me life everyday, it is better than will and Jem's BECAUSE the love triangle that could've easily come and destroy this book didn't fucking happen because the chose each other over the girlLike, that how love triangles between a girl and two best friends should be executed. The infernal devices, MY ASS!It's so tragic and even though I have read this a couple of times by now, it still gets me every fucking time, I think until recently it was the only book that I had really cried while reading it, and it fucking deserves my tears cause this shit is PERFECTI don't know what to sayI will forever stand by this book and these characters and protect them at all costsI'm gonna go do something to recover now
What. A. BookDidn't destroy emotionally thank GodAnd I'm so happy for everyoneeeThat epilogue though...
4.5I really loved thissssI don't know what to say, I didn't adore it, my feeling weren't that strong as let's say Bridgerton 3 but I loved itI loved the characters, Whitney, Derek, Phoebe, Alex omg I loved AlexThe friendships and the relationships between them felt so real and important and everything was perfectThe perfect amount of mystery and romance and the plot twists in the end were so good, I wasn't expecting them in the least and yeah, so good and shocking and satisfyingGreat book
We love female rageWe support women's wrongsThis was disgusting and disturbing and amazing and I loved it
My friend's mum gave me this to read saying it's her favorite bookAnd it was so good, cute, happy and touching, I loved it
So unexpected, but I actually loved this bookIt was funny, silly, cute and I enjoyed it for what it was
So so so soooo goodMy first V. E. Schwab couldn't be more perfect.I got this book for my birthday and I was so excited to read it that I started it immediately. I kinda got into a reading slump in the middle but that doesn't mean the book was boring. CAUSE IT WAS NOT. Even though in the beginning not much was happening, schwab's phenomenal writing style immediately drew me in and made me interested in the story. I'm telling you, this woman could've been writing her shopping list and she still would've made it seem like the most interesting thing in the world. And I would still read it. I loved everything I loved addie, I loved Henry, I even fell for Luc at some point, but schwab is always so careful to make the readers not like and root for him, through addie's thoughts The plot was interesting even though not much was happening. And the plot twists, man, do I loved them. I don't know what else to sayThis was a phenomenal read
Nice, took me ages to finish it
I really liked thissssIt was kinda hard to get into but after that it was super interestinggg
Reading this book several things in my mind fell into place. I found a valid explanation for some unanswered questions of mine. Mesmerising description of Paris... excuse me while I pack my life and move in a small apartment near the Louvre. 100% would recommend
4 stories of love Each one different I cried while reading all of them without fail 4.5 stars
My favourite out of the Percy Jackson series
I am shocked... what a cliffhanger! I don't know if I want to read it again or read the sequel! So many plot twists and such character development! Leigh Bardugo thank you for offering me this literary masterpiece to read !
If Circe was a song she would be mirrorball by Taylor Swift. I didn't think this book would have such an impact on me and when I first started reading it I was weirded out because I don't like first person narratives. BUT. My oh my the vivid descriptions and the way all the characters are portrayed through the eyes of a woman trying to find herself is so beautiful.This was an empowering piece of literature that shades light to many aspects of life.
** spoiler alert ** A tragic, magnifying novel that helped me answer questions and hypotheses that I've been thinking about for a long time. The death of innocence and logic are what struck me the most. Extraordinarily simple yet complex. I recommend it 100%.
4.5I started reading this while on holiday as a way to pass time. I didn't really want to read anything at that moment and I was sure I wouldn't finish it. But boy was I wrong. This book had me hooked and guessing till the very moment the murderer was revealed. An excellent read with a witty narrative and commentary.
** spoiler alert ** it took me a long time to finish it only because I didn't want to read chapters 38-40 (still not over them). The world building of the story never ceases to amaze me and the growth of the characters absolutely intrigued me. All in all screaming crying and everyone lived in the end. I take no criticism.
Where do I begin? The plays mirroring the actions and the plot? The well written and in depth characters? The found family trope and the preservation of it at all costs? I am in awe of this book, honestly. The characters were all unique and complex, a morally grey group of hopefuls ready to conquer the world and the stage, too wrapped up in their own little world. The hubris, the punishment, the suffering, all caused by the fine line between Shakespeare and reality they were walking along interchangeably. The cliffhanger was the final blow I was desperately expecting. An amazing read through and through.
I saw a lot of mutuals making tbr lists and thought why not make one myself. I tend to start a lot of books but never actually finish them🥲. So this is an active effort to improve and monitor my progress 🤗boughtfor uni°january°☆☆☆☆-The Oval Portrait 1/1/2022They both die at the end 11/1/2022☆☆☆☆-Road from Colonus 16/1/2022☆☆☆☆☆-Crooked Kingdom 17/1/2022°february°☆☆☆☆- Miss Brill 2/2/2022☆☆☆☆☆-Φονος στη Μεσοποταμία 24/2/2022°march°The raven boys 9/3/2022 The dream thieves 9/3/2022Blue Lily, Lily Blue 9/3/2022The raven King 9/3/2022☆☆☆☆-The Fall of the House of Usher 23/3/2022☆☆☆☆-[4.5] The raven boys 30/3/2022°april°☆☆☆☆- The Yellow Wallpaper 6/4/2022☆☆☆☆☆- The Open Boat 28/4/2022°may°If we were villains 6/4/2022°june°☆☆☆☆- The dream thieves 20/6/2022°july°darker shade of magic 26/7/2022a conjuring of light 26/7/2022a gathering of shadows 26/7/2022☆☆☆☆☆- Circe 31/7/2022°august°☆☆☆☆☆- If we were villains 17/8/2022°september°☆☆☆☆- Οι μεγάλοι τέσσερεις 19/9/22°october°☆☆☆☆- waiting for godot 7/10/22°november°☆☆☆☆- Top Girls 19/11/22☆☆☆☆☆- Oleanna 21/11/22☆☆☆- 4.48 Psychosis 28/11/22☆☆☆- τα άνθη του κακού 30/11/22°december° in praise of shadows 5/12/22 no longer human 5/12/22 atlas six 17/12/22
4.5the cliffhanger!? I am positively enamored with this series. Fast paced, intriguing and you absolutely cannot put it down once you pick it up. The found family trope is one of my favourites<3 and I also enjoyed the description of scenery.
4.5A Poe classic. Loved the depiction of decay and the atmosphere of terror and madness.
Well written, enticing and hilarious. Rick Riordan can really turn every battle into a comedic scene. The new characters had depth and development. Can't wait to read the next one
one of the first books I have ever read. It is amazing how the society and the happenings of such a troublesome historical era of Greece are portrayed through a young girl's eyes.
3 and a half stars.An honest and candid book. I can say that it made me like and respect the person a lot more than I did by just watching him playing.I reckon that I read this book a bit late and has become out of date in parts, but it let me know a lot about Ronnie's weird genius.
Very vivid characters and images. A story of mysteries, secrets and strong women in 17th century Netherlands, it reminded me much of the scarlet letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne.
Well, a masterpiece. I'd easily count it among my top 20 of favorite books. Heartbreaking, infuriating, the book takes you to a horrifying journey to WW1 and civil war in Ireland. It was a lyrical trip to humankind's worst and best at the same time, you just can't look away from the useless pain, the destruction of hearts, souls and lives. And then, miraculously, you begin to see through the darkness and notice this purest of hearts, the main - character, and faith in humanity is restored. Really, a masterpiece.
“Feeling suddenly attached to life when we realize the imminence of death suggests that it was perhaps not life itself which we had lost the taste for so long as there was no end in sight, but our quotidian version of it, that our dissatisfactions were more the result of a certain way of living than of anything irrevocably morose about human experience. Having surrendered the customary belief in our own immortality, we would then be reminded of a host of untried possibilities lurking beneath the surface of an apparently undesirable, apparently eternal existence.” Αν πρέπει να πω τι πήρα απ’ αυτό το βιβλίο, είναι ότι τα λεμόνια και το κομμένο ψωμί είναι όμορφα. Κι ότι αγαπώ το απαλό δέρμα.
Love is liquid, and has a will of its own. It travels without stopping, slides through different passages, is always and forever present. It distributes itself to others without asking, it is everything and nothing. All is one. In this strange novel, love takes form through an anti-hero and is seen through plenty different prisms. Murakami grasps the concept of death. Death is love and love is death. People are deeply terrified of death and love, and people crave for love and death. Love, death, liquid is what gives meaning to Toru’s monotonous life.
H kritikh m gi auto to ARISTOURGHMA tha erthe me to telos tou tritou vivliou 100/100 alitheia
3.5/5 (alla aksizei gia 4)Dafuq did i jus read?!???????? (Me thn kalh ennoia)POLY noshro, me enan diafano tropo. Tromero concept ths noshrothtas ths mhtrikhs agaphs, ths anagkhs autoprovolhs mesa apo to paidi, ths aisthshs pws to gennhma sou einai mia apopeira veltiwshs tou eautou sou. o prwtagwnisths , an kai sixainetai aurh th sxesh, einai plhrws eksarthmenos ap auth, psaxnei mia gunaika na tou prosferei thn apoluth prostasia, alla na deixnei kai to misos tou gia th mhtera tou, mia gunaika pou na anexetai thn apotyxia ths zwhs ths opws h mama. Psaxnei thn autoekplhrwsh kai thn apodoxh mesa ap ton politiko fanatismo kai katargei kathe aksia, sto onoma kathe aksias. Paneksupnh plokh, paneksupnh domh kai paneksupnh grafh. Ligo makrosyrto se orismena shmeia, eniwtha pws xanomai apto poly (peritto isws) filosofein. Arketos kunderas gia fetos
Interesting plot and ideas, poorly written (not really engaging for my personal reading style) :)
Poly realistiko synaisthimatika, mprw na pw oti se arketa shmeia mou thymise th sxesh m me th mhtera mou (giagia sto vivlio). Poly omorfes apopseis gia th zwh, gia ton erwta, gia thn agaph, th symponia, thn elpida kai thn poreia mas mesa se auta, htan mia poly kalh perigrafh ths diadikasias triwn genewn na vrun thn tautothta tous. Kapoies apopseis pou ekfrazontai einai ligo synthrhtikes (px apopsh gia thn psyxanalysh, kyriarxia ths gunaikas sto swma ths, feminismos) alla ohi ypervolika anaxronistikes. Overall poly sygkinhtiko vivlio, tha elega kai pl proswpiko, kathe anthrwpos tha to viwsei entelws diaforetika kai tha symponesei allon hrwa.
Cute summer read
Well arketa mixed feelingsTha ksekinisw apta thetika: o Huxley ehei dhmiurghsei mia poly eksypni, sygkrothmenh kai “realistiki” dystopia, h opoia den ehei idiaitera plot holes. O kosmos tou brave new world pernaei polla mhnymata gia tis taxikes diafores kai pou mporei autes na odhghsun, parallila thigei pio ithika zhthmata, px thn gennhtikh prooikodothsh analoga me ton skopo tou anthrwpou sti zwh, to opoio san idea einai poly prwtotypo ki eksypno, enw pernaei drimya kritiki sto systhma ths epoxhs toy. Episis einai poly wraia h antithesi tou brave new world me ton kosmo pou ehei apomeinei, pou einai o kosmos opws ton kserume shmera. Dystyxws to diavasa prin 3 xronia kai den mporw na thymithw polles leptomereies, pantws h idea tou vivliou mou ehei meinei kai syxna m epanerxetai se akyres faseis sto myaloWSTOSO!! Den mou arese poly o tropos grafhs. Pws ro ennow?? Eniwtha san na diavazw mia episkophsh ths dystopias polles fores, ki ohi ena mythistorhma pou ekserevna mia sygkekrimenh ploki kai xtizei agwnia (se antithesi me to 1984, pou htan mia poly zwntanh istoria se enan poly zwntano kosmo). Gia emena einai paradeigma vivliou me poly eksypni kai kalodoulemenh idea ki arketa adiaforh ekseliksi. Den “zeis” me tous xarakthres, zeis me ton kosmo Parola auta, koumpwnei teleia me to 1984, to Fahrenheit 451 kai th farma twn zwwn.
Tromero, point of reference gia mia zwh
i loved this so so so much
Beautiful story.
In a totally surrealistic reality, which is not far from ours, as you realize while reading, Kafka has constructed a simple plot, with a complicated meaning. I dare say that this was one of very few books that had such a sentimental impact on me. With an insight in K.’s mind, a simple human with his advantages and disadvantages, and it’s evolving throughout the novel, I got extremely tense and anxious about the evolution -not of his case- but of his mind. As a young reader, I would strongly recommend the book to anyone who has thoughts about the construction of society, justice, and the citizen’s position in it, but also to anyone who is attracted by philosophy. Unsuitable, by my opinion, if you’re looking for an adventurous plot with twists and turns: Kafka is simple, and the complexity of the plot depends on your own reflection.
Wtf??????? Auto to vivlio me ekane na niwsw POLY perierga. Oi istories (oi perissoteres) den eihan kapoio idiaitero logical thread, mallon htan symvolikes, prahma pou se kapoies katalavaina kai m aresan, se alles katalavaina kai meh, se alles hmun kapws ok??? den kserw na diavazw???Sto megalytero meros t me ekane na niwthw para poly avola, se shmeio pou dn antexa na diavazw panw apo 10-20 selides ti fora xwris na niwthw oti I had enough kai oti hmun anastatwmenh (ayto den kserw an einai aparaithta kako h kalo)Ksexwrisan poly gia emena oi eksis idtories:The swim teamMajestyThe man on the stairs I kiss a door Making love in 2003Mon plaisirHow to tell stories to children……… den einai apta vivlia pou tha m meinun
A psychological masterpiece. Nabokov REALLY works the reader’s feelings: at first sympathy towards the protagonist, then contempt, hate and, eventually, deep pity.
** spoiler alert ** Wow?!?! Ehw para polla na pw kai den kserw pws na organwsw tis skepseis mouArxika to oti htan fovero vivlio fainetai apto gegonos oti ithela na koimithw 4 wres prin alla emeina ksypnia na to teleiwsw epeidh apla DEN GINOTAN na to afhsw etsiAs ksekinisoume apo ta texnika: to grapsimo htan para pl kalo, den kserw an ehei kati to idiaitero h to ksexwristo, alla o syggrafeas sigoura kserei na leei mia istoria kai sigoura kserei na krataei thn agwnia zwntanh. Auto pou me ehei enthousiasei einai pws den yparhoun katholou plot holes pros to paron , an kai to story einai trela syntheto erhontai stin epofaneia pragmata apo thn arxh kai apantwntai klp klp kai den se afhnei me apories, kt p krataei kai thn agwnia gt KSRW pws oi apories m se kapoia fash tha apanththoun. Epishs ehei paixtei trelo character development, poly realistiko kai anatreptiko (!!!) enw epishs ta magika stoixeia stadiaka auksanoun alla me enan poly fysiko ki euxaristo tropo (px me tous drakous, tous gigantes {oxi ta fasolia} pou epanemfanizontai ki akoluthun th grammh twn paramythiwn ths giagias, opws k to horn of winter p apla emfanizetai ksrgw) TWRA oson afora to actual story… den kserw ti na pw…To sygkekrimeno vivlio htan thewrw (olo to 3o dld) to peak ths seiras, ti me to red wedding, ti me to purple wedding, ti me to oti KSEKINAEI me tous wights pou ehun kt to poly apokosmo kai thes na tous deis parapanw… m arese para para poly h skhnh twn gamwn, alla kai auth ths monomaxias tou gregor me ton prigkipa tos dorne, lai to oti ksafnika dinetai parapanw emfash (poly stadiaka) ston aerys kai stin dolofonia ths elia kai twn paidiwn rhs De tha milisw kan gia to tragoudi twn reynes pf castamere kai gia to timing me th dolofonia twn starks, pou htan tromero kai kinimatigrafiko full (kyriolektika grapwna to vivlio aptin agwnia) Episis gustarw tigka pou apla arhise na yparhei action tou Dondarrion kai latrepsa ta kefalaia tou Jaime (nea prosthiki) kathws kai to pws ehun arxisei na diaplekontai o xarakthres ( px sansa littlefinger, arya sandor, jaime brienne)Pali kla p pethanan tosoi lannisters se auto to vivlio, krima p efyge o robb kai h cat 💔 an k teleiwse me thn cat na einai kapws zombie vibe (???) Trelo trelo treloParapono: thelw parapanw Daenerys action gt thn agapaw (girlboss 💅🏻)
I can recognize the fact that Robert Pirsig has very interesting philosophical ideas, some of which I will keep in my mind for a long time. I also liked the analogy inner self- motorcycle maintenance.However, his writing was very bad. The plot was very slow and bore me out many many times. His idea of 3 stories running together is nice, but he connects them really badly. Might have been the most boring book I’ve ever read (with deep philosophical meanings tho)ALSO Phaedrus does not mean wolf in greek.
Enw me kurase arketa, tha valw 4 asteria Dinei mia poly safh eikona ths psyxikhs katastashs tou germanikou laou sta xronia ths emfanishs, anodou, ekrhkshs kai metaptwshs tou nazismou. Vrithei apo paramythika stoixeia/ magical elements, ta opoia se syndyasmo me th synthetothta ths plokhs kai thn polyplokothta twn xarakthrwn isws se kapoies faseis kurasei Brilliant skiagrafhsh twn hrwwn, mu prokalesan mikra synaisthimata ki akoma dn mporw na apanthsw ean thewrw ton prwtagwnisth frikio h dianoia POLY arrwsto kai diastremmeno se kapoia shmeia, tautoxrona ekairetika asteio (eksypna asteio) kai sarkastiko: einai mia eis vathos kritikh tou polemou, twn autarxikwn politevmatwn kai ths theshs tou anthrwpou se autaThlw sigura na epistrepsw sta 30 ( o logos symvolikos• paizoun rolo sto vivlio ) me perissoteres istorikes gnwseisThelei upomonh alla aksizei
Me aformh ton thanato ths mhteras tou, o Karagatsis gia mia akoma fora synthetei ena tromero ergo, thetontas filosofika zhthmata pou apasxolon kathe anthrwpo diaxronika. Poly wraia topothetisi apenanti ston thanato, epishs agaphsa poly ton prwtagwnisth
Okay mporoume na syzhthsume to poso KAVLAS einai o martin?? Arxika den tha pw psemata den trelainomun stin idea tou vivliou, to snobara arketa kai to ksekinhsa full distaktika, malista oi prwtes selides m eihan fanei poly varetes, polla onomata kai den mporousa na synithisw thn glwssa. Kathws omws diavaza, kai kathws empaina olo kai pio mesa sto story, ginomoun olo kai pio addicted se shmeio pou den hthela na to afhsw apta xeria mou. Genika to fantasy trwei poly snobarisma (kai dhlwnw synenoxh se auto) wstoso to sygkekrimeno vivlio den htan aplws mia gamath istoria me full agwnia pou sou eksitare th fantasia, alla parallila eihe trelo character development kai htan ekairetika kalogrammeno, se shmeio pou proswpika enowtha pws viwna ontws thn istoria. Oi xarakthres htan poly kalodomhmenoi kai fainetai pws o syggrafeas doulepse to plot, giati o kosmos pou ehei ftiaksei ehei ontws ypostasi. Oi xarakthres mou dhmiourghsan ontws synaistimata, apo apeiro misos mexri agaph, enw parallhla pernouse wraia kat eme mhnymata (px ehei arketes dynamikes gynaikes oi opoies antitithentai sth stereotypikh tous thesh, opws h Catelyn, h Arya, akoma kai h Cersei pou an kai mishth einai poly ponhrh kai elegxei full tous antres gyrw ths [so far] an kai emmesa) An prepei na vrw kati arnhtiko, auto einai isws ta para polla onomata (pou thewrw kapoia isws na mh xreiazontan), alla synithizontai arketa grhgora, kathws kai isws oi perigrafes twn maxwn (pou htan mono 2-3) oi opoies proswpika kai mono m pernusan ligo adiafores. Elpizw ta ypoloipa vivlia na mhn me apogohteusoun, epeidh htan poly promising.PS to telos mou arese PAAAARA poly, isws apo ta kalytera telh se vivlia
Ena eucaristo xalaro vivliaraki gia na diavazeis xwris na skeftesai polla. Mou aresei h wmothta kai o egwismos tou hrwa, den einai to classic love story alla to proswpiko conflict tou anthrwpou gia na vrei ta pathmata tou apenanti stis erwtikes tou sxeseis.
Well, rating this book was a hard task but I think it’ll end up being a 3.5/5 for meIt surely is a very wholesome, heartwarming tale and an impressive idea, narrating a story from the viewpoint of an AF (- and giving it the leading role ) What drew me back was the uneventfulness for the largest part of the book. For me it was very slow, without serving any purpose. However, the last third was very interesting and kept me wanting more. I loved how questions were left unanswered, it truly was perceived through the eyes of a machine. I loved how real all characters felt, especially the Mother, Melania and Rick. I loved the meaning and core of the story. I feel it’s worth a shot, however, it doesn’t really deserve all the attention and clout.
Sweet and sour, romantic but also not, inspired and both cliché, this book is not to deep but also not too shallow, perfect to devour during summer days. Murakami, talented, imaginative and deeply cinematographic in his writing, presents the idea of love, affection and lust from a very unique angle
Still don’t know what I’m reading about
I don’t think I’ll ever get over this book- Recommended by my best friend, I recommend it to anyone who’s looking for a masterpiece. Lots of introspection, philosophical thoughts and talent. Demian is a friend to all
The perfect book to read in late summer, lying on a yellow sunbed under an acorn tree, sweetly drifting off
This is a book that I've seen around for a long time and I wanted to read and I have to say that it was worth the wait. This story has completely monopolized my thoughts since I started this series. Part romance, part mystery it was a really good book - it totally hooked me into the story, made me care about the characters and keep me up late at night because I was really desperate to find out what would happen next.I really enjoy this book and I’m looking forward starting the next….
Guys yes. I've almost finished this book and i loved it. From the first page to the last one. I loved the characters ( oh my god Q, you are mine), I loved the plot, the writting.This book is dark. The sex scenes are hot and hard. It's one of my best books for 2021 and i want to continue with the second book of the trilogy. I want to follow Tess and Q and see how deep they can go! How far they can reach!Tears of Tess is the first book of Pepper Winters i've read and i loved her writting.
Well, this is the third book of Penelope Dougles i read and i love her writting! All her stories are beautifully told... I love the way she made me feel!I just finished the epilogue and i'm.... speechless!I was addicted from the very first pages and i never wanted to stop reading. Of course, there are some parts of the story that took me out of my comfort zone but i'm ok with this!This is a heartbreaking, emotional and erotic story that will be in my mind for long long time (as the Birthday Girl did).
Fantasy is not my piece of cake.The book was ok but a little bit short and i think that more explanations needed, in order to be "in" to the new world.The author emphasizes the relationship between Des and Callie and not the world she has created.
I rate this book with 2,5 stars.I didn't like it too much. The main character Callum is a little bit pathetic and it's not my style.The sex scenes was pale for my taste.I don't think that I will continue with this serie!.
The 2nd book in the series and begins where the first book left off. While it immediately clears up one mystery it opens the door to more questions about Rebecca’s disappearance as well as Sara’s safety and her budding relationship with the sexy as sin artist, Chris Merit.All in all, I enjoyed Chris and Sara's journey and I can't wait to see where the author takes us next .
i didn't connect with this story at all.i didn't manage to read it. I've skipped many chapters in order to see how it ends.i didn't like the plot, i didn't like the back and forward and the relation between the two characters. There wasn't sexual chemistry between them.
Amazing story! Very romantic!
Wow..!I loved everything about this book! It was dark, it was smut, it was AMAZING! I'm absolutely obsessed!The plot was interesting, the characters were amazing, the sex scenes... (oh the sex scenes..!!) hot hot hot!“Let me know which stars you prefer. The ones above you, or the ones I make you see.”Before you read this book, please read the trigger warnings!There are quite a few of them, and they are definitely necessary.
Guys no...Too much sex without a specific purpose.This book is more like a porn movie than a book.There isn't character developemt nor a plot. Everything is sex.And of course i enjoy sex scenes inside a book but this is worthless!!!
I do not have to tell much about this book...!!!This book was FIRE!I enjoyed every word of it!I loved the plot, the tension between the characters, the sex scenes, the story. Everything.!I'm looking forward to read the second book and see how the story is going on..
I just finished the book and i like it unexpectedly. I was expecting a book with a lot of sex and less plot or feelings but i was wrong and this was a big surprise to me.I love these three characters who are full of dreams and try to make them come true.I like their relationship, i understand pretty much their situation and i'm with them, by their side.This is the first polyamorous story i've ever read and it was a really great experience.
A small, but very good story with Charlie Parker, free to read through the authors' oficcial site.
I was around 7 when I read it for the first time. The shock was big, because I suddenly realized that there is not always a happy ending in fairytales. But I have to say that in the end, it was for good. I guess it was a precious and unforgettable life-guide. A must off.
Just Perfect.
Not my Tempo.
Not my tempo...
Αντιγραφω από το Afterword στο τέλος του κόμικ. "And then the comic came out. Entertainment Weekly loved it. Times Magazine immediately proclaimed it the worst comic of the year (altough the journalist that made the list, later said he didnt actually mean it was the worst comic of the year). People bought it, and they argued about it. Most of them liked it. Some of them didnt, and those who didnt really didnt. There was, i learned, a definate consesus that it was not Sandman, which i found rather a relief as I had been trying really hard not to write Sandman.I just re-read 1602, this afternoon in a small boat drifting across a lake on a sunny day and i found to my relief it was very much the comic i had wanted to write: something for the summer, to be read under a porch, or in a treehouse, or up on a roof, (or by the sea θα προσθέσω εγώ)"ΟΠΩΣ ΑΚΡΙΒΩΣ ΤΑ ΛΕΕΙ Ο ΘΕΙΟΣ ΝΕΙL ΕΙΝΑΙ ΠΑΙΔΙΑ!Κομιξάρα.
Great story!
Great book. Can't wait for part two..
It is with great sorrow and anger that I'm writing these words right now: this book is repulsive. I have read more than twenty books by Lilith Saintcrow and love each one of them. I never thought it possible that she could write something like this. Just to get it out of the way, there's a lot of action and mystery going on, which is cool, and the book is also fairly well written, though not up to Mrs Saintcrow's usual standards, in my opinion. It could have actually been a solid 3-star book if it wasn't so horribly flawed in a deeply ideological level. Josiah is an assassin, Anna was his girlfriend who dumped him because he was an assassin, she wants his help because bad people are after her and he wants lots of sex. That's the gist of it, that's what drives the plot. So, let's see what's wrong with this picture. (view spoiler)[1. Anna calls Josiah in the middle of the night, scared, pleading for his help, telling him people are after her. HE GETS A HARD-ON.2. He goes to pick her up, sees her beaten up, tired, with torn and muddy clothes, limping. HE GETS A HARD ON.3. He sees her foot is bleeding and starts getting her nylons off to better treat the wound. HE ENDS UP FINGERING HER WHILE SHE'S PINNED TO THE WALL, HELPLESS, TIRED, STARVED AND WOUNDED. 4. He asks to be paid in sex. HE SAYS HE'LL HAVE SEX WITH HER AS MUCH AS HE WANTS, AS OFTEN AS HE WANTS AND SHE'LL HAVE TO PRETEND SHE LIKES IT.5. He later apologizes and says she doesn't have to pay him. SECRETLY, HE THINKS SAYING SHE HAD TO PAY HIM IN SEX MAKES HIM A JERK, EVEN THOUGH HE DOES INDEED INTEND TO TAKE AS MUCH AS HE CAN FROM HER.6. This whole sick, demented thing is presented to the reader as love. This isn't love! This is some psycho's rape fantasy and it is absolutely disgusting. What makes it even more disturbing is the fact that it's presented as love. (hide spoiler)]I could say so much more about Blood Call, but I won't. I kinda think it speaks for itself.
I do love what Stjepan Sejic is doing with his "Sunstone" universe, how he expands and tells these amazing stories of human emotion, relationships and emerging sexuality, narrated in a funny, realistic, respectful voice. I loved "Sunstone" and "Mercy" is equally brilliant, with Sejic's amazing artwork doing it justice.
5 stars? I must check it out then. Seems extremely interesting. Must I read "The Dark Artifices" first or it's a standalone?
I found out about this book by chance and watched the movie version first. I was surprised by how much I liked it because, initially, I had thought I would be yet another paranormal romance/teen vampire story. Thankfully, it wasn't. This is a story of growing up, of struggling with adolescence and the ghosts of the past, of people so wrapped up in their pain that they cannot see the world around them. The writing was reminiscent of a young girl's and transported my back to my own adolescence. Familiar passages from familiar books turned the "Moth Diaries" into something I could connect with, almost as if I could remember those memories myself.
The Covenant is coming to town and it won't be Christmas for anyone. Loyalties will be tested, choices will be made and there will be carnage (though very little). This second book follows in the footsteps of the first, moves the plot forward and offers a resolution to the dilemma that a relationship poses for both Verity and Dominic. Reading the second book immediately after the second can be irritating at times, since you are offered explanations for all sorts of things you just read and remember just fine, but the book moves away from that narrative fairly quickly. The opening scene ties with the ending quite nicely, as the story comes full circle. I liked seeing more of Sarah and I wonder if she'll have any books of her own in the future. I must say, however, her voice wasn't all that different from Verity's. Multiple first person narratives are hard to pull off; thankfully, it only lasts for a couple of chapters and is a neat little trick that keeps the writer from having to pull a deus ex machina near the end. All in all, it was a very enjoyable read, probably more enjoyable than "Discount Armageddon", but still not up to October Dayes standards, in my opinion - though these books are definitely funnier.
It is always disappointing to see such an interesting, promising concept turn out so predictable and, well, mediocre. Don't get me wrong, the dialogue was superb and the book raises many intriguing questions about morality and philosophy. But in the end, it fails to deliver. Partly because the writer aims to make the story more complex than it actually is -leaving many plot holes along the way- and partly because the actual motivations of the characters aren't really that sophisticated. I sympathized with Anton but, again, he fails to deliver. For the most part, it feels like he's not the protagonist of his own story, always being thrown in situations as a mindless pawn, for the sake of others. A good book overall, but far from mindblowing.
I've been wanting to read something really girly and fun and "The Lying Game" was just that. I enjoyed reading it and it was interesting to see all the things they've change in the TV-series (which is a guilty pleasure of mine, I must admit). Nothing special or ground-breaking, but fun and light nonetheless.
I will be copy-pasting this for every Goosebumps novel I'll be reading.On a whim, I decided to read all of the Goosebumps books. Some of them I've read before but, for the most part, I haven't. I won't be giving any stars; this doesn't mean anything about my actual opinion for the books, it only means that I don't think I can realistically, objectively rank 62 books which are not even meant for my age. I did enjoy the ones I read as a child and I am enjoying the ones I'm reading now, so that's what matters, I believe. Yes, there are some repetitive patterns and, yes, the endings are sometimes silly and, yes, R.L. Stine may not be the best of writers. Still, I feel like I have to commend him for two things in particular: first, for bringing the horror genre early on into our lives and, second, for subtly dealing with important family issues, such as moving away, a parent loosing a job, a accident happening etc. And I think the huge success of these books speaks volumes. So, I'll just be enjoying reading them in the following couple of weeks, not reviewing or evaluating them.
I can't say this series was to my taste. The artwork was fairly good, but it seriously lacks in terms of plot, the storytelling is extremely decompressed and I didn't find it funny or witty at all, only a bit silly. An ok read overall, I'd say, but I won't be reading more of it.
In many ways, a fascinating book, though I do admit I didn't actually do all of the exercises and quite a lot of the stuff was already known to me, I still enjoyed reading it and it was very interesting to see some of Carroll's other work.
Rating "War for the Oaks" was tough. I do agree with most people: this IS the book that started it all. It's pioneer work in urban fantasy and fans of the particular subgenre should read it at some point. It's very well written, the characters are amazing and I absolutely loved the dialogue. However, the plot didn't feel tight to me. There wasn't much of it as a matter of fact and too much space was given away to descriptions of clothing and music which didn't really appeal to me as a reader. It's a very good book and I recognize what it did for the genre, but it felt sort of dated to me. Not because of the pop culture references that I didn't get, but because today we have much better and much more sophisticated urban fantasy than we did back when "War for the Oaks" was written. You know how you can read a book written 60 years ago and it can still speak to you loud and clear as it it was written yesterday? It makes me sad to say that this is not such a book, mainly because I've been wanting to read it for ages. It's very good, but it's not great.
I really enjoyed this book. The gothic/romantic elements of classic vampire stories were a welcomed change from the young adult and paranormal romance frenzy and the characters were very interesting and likeable. The plot was good, though not exceptional, and there were things about the mythology that I found very fresh. The semi-epistolary style reminded me, very appropriately, of "Dangerous Liaisons". The only thing that annoyed me was that the Kindle edition was full of typos which disrupted the otherwise beautiful flow of the text.
I had such a great time with this comic. First of all, Stjepan Sejic is a phenomenal illustrator and has proven himself to be an amazing writer as well. This volume is plot-heavy, the characters are well-crafted, the action is really engaging, the enemy is appropriately scary, there is a lot of mystery surrounding one of the main characters and there is also a perky Grim Reaper - who doesn't remind me of Gaiman's Death at all; I can't really see any resemblance and I am a pretty big "Sandman" fan. Anyway, yes, this was fun, I really enjoyed it and will be hunting for the next issues.
This is so much better than I expected. Full of action and fun and with a great main character.
My heart and brain feel sore and numb. Mankind disgusts me and terrifies me. And I suppose this is sort of a great thing because I gather that's exactly what Jack Ketchum was aiming for. I must say right away, he's a terrific writer. This was the first novel of his that I read and it swallowed me whole. It's wonderfully written, wonderfully executed; you can feel the pain, the horror, the escalation, the confusion. It's like "Lord of the Flies" met "Stand By Me" and they had a gorgeous, yet horrible child that would probably belong to a freak show if it wasn't so damn exquisite. It's so brutal emotionally and psychologically, yet so addictive and hard to put down. In the end, I suppose I should say it terrified me but I loved it.
I've actually read that one in French a couple of years back, mainly because it was one of the inspirations for one of my favourite novels, the Club Dumas by Arturo Perez-Reverte. It's a great occult story, kind of like fantasy before fantasy was established as a genre. A very enjoyable read.
This was a truly amazing book. A wonderful, important book that scared the hell out of me. It didn't scare me because there was no possibility of these things happening, but precisely because they could happen tomorrow. Yes, it has flaws but they are rendered unimportant considering the bigger picture. Simply put? You need to read this book. Everyone needs to read this book.
I was so sad to hear about Ray Bradbury's death that I went straight to the bookstore and bought two of his books. Now, I must say I'm not a sci-fi fan, not at all actually. Yet this book blew me away with its amazing storytelling and its incredible and great ideas. Bradbury is hands down one of my favourite authors and this collection of stories is absolutely awesome.
A bit predictable and overall inferior to the previous two books in my opinion, but an enjoyable read nonetheless.
A dark, eerie fairy tale for actual children and everyone who feels like a child inside about the magic of Halloween, death and the fear of the sun never rising again. The Halloween Tree is a beautiful and enchanting novel and I could almost listen to my dad reading it to me while I read; that's the sort of book it is, a book meant to be read out loud, at night and near the fireplace. I absolutely loved it. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is that, at times, I found it a little unclear and confusing, almost as if Ray Bradbury got carried away by the beauty of the prose and the dream-like quality of the narrative and couldn't focus on the story. Yet, The Halloween Tree remains a great, highly enjoyable novel for both young and old.
This one was brilliant! I never saw the twist coming! One thing I've noticed, the Trebizon books are a little more mature and a little more down to earth than other similar series I've read and, considering that I'm reading them as an adult, that's a good thing.
I absolutely adore Blakes' Athena, she's probably the most compelling character she's written thus far and this was a really nice bite-sized piece of what makes her so. My only complain is that this could have the potential for a full novel (a novel I'd be happy to read, mind you). In short, it was too short. I just finished the Goddess War series and I will miss Athena, so I wanted more of her.
I didn't expect this one to resonate with me as deeply as it did, but it happened anyway. I think the only thing I have to say about this collection is this: read it.
Initially, I was really surprised by how muched I liked this series, but by now I've grown used to it. Mary is a well-written, relatable character and her adventures are always so much fun to read. This one, in particular, was really interesting and full of twists. Beatrice and Jake were great characters and the family dynamics worked really nice. The main plot was also quite good; all in all, a very ejoyable novella.
I think I probably enjoyed "The Spook's Curse" even better than "The Spook's Apprentice". I really liked the Inquisition take and how close it was to what actually was happening during the Middle Ages. Bane was a terrifying villain and, contrary to Mother Malkin, he did seem to have both a masterplan and a good characterization -for a creature, that is. Alice is a fascinating character, so is Tom's mother and -finally!- we learned something about her past. The Spook seems to be more complex than we had initially thought and Tom proves himself to be a really good apprentice. Overall, a great second installment to the series.
My favourite of the short stories so far, this was like the love child of Agatha Christie and Rurouni Kenshin. Set in Minkai, the Golarion equivalent of Japan, between "Prince of Wolves" and "Master of Devils", this story is basically murder mystery with gangs, geishas, samurais and ninjas. Radovan and the Count face a perplexing mystery as the tender foundations of their new friendship are tested. The novella is narrated from Radovan's point of view which, I think, was a good choice for this particular story; I read a lot of classic crime fiction when I was younger and I've realized that keeping the detective detached from the reader works better most of the times. So, considering how the Count fancies himself an "armchair investigator" (like Poirot) and how he is actually the one to counsel the authorities on the investigation, Radovan's narrative serves to maintain the distance between Jeggare and the reader. I also loved Takeda's side-story and he was definitely a memorable character (though that's not surprising since every Radovan & the Count adventure has at least one of those). I am constantly surprised to see how much flavour and lore Dave Gross can fit even into these short stories and I always enjoy a good whodunnit so I found "Husks" to be a very entertaining read.
I've loved Stjepan Sejic's art ever since I initially read "Caliber". He's an amazing and brilliant artist and I actually enjoyed Sunstone so much more than I thought I would. This comic is not at all what you think. Yes, there's BDSM and there's a romance between two girls but, ultimately, it's just a story about people and relationships. And it's fun, it's got great characters and awesome artwork. Basically, it's really, really good.
I really liked this novella and the world created by Mr. Smalley was very intriguing; I would love to read more about it some time. It reminded me of some of Mike Carey's work, which is always a good thing. That said, the plot was good, the characters interesting and the background story solid. I do think there was enough material for a novel there, but it worked beautifully as a novella as well. I enjoyed it immensely,
Let me start by saying I'm a fan of Jacqueline Carey's other books and enjoyed both Santa Olivia and Kushiel's dart immensely. I was thrilled to find out about her venture into urban fantasy seeing as it is a genre that I particularly like. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. The characters were interesting and likeable, if not very original, and the mythology was quite interesting. What did I dislike about it then? Well, the delivery of the plot was very poor -and that's if one's being generous. The plot wasn't actually bad per se, on the contrary, it was rather good; however, the way it was crafted made it completely predictable and, usually, predictable tends to mean boring. Predictable in itself wouldn't be terrible, though, if the main character had the brains to actually see what was going on. But, no. Which makes you wonder: if it's so predictable for me, an outsider in her world, how stupid is she not to see what's right in front of her? Well, very, apparently. Which, then, makes you wonder why it is that Hel has chosen her as her agent to begin with. Other than being a half-demon, what is it about her which could make a Norse goddess choose Daisy as a liaison? She's not particularly smart, not particularly good at fighting, not particularly pretty, not particularly good at holding back her temper. So, really. She's little miss average. With a tail. Big deal. Which brings me to the other thing that I deeply disliked and I'm very sorry to say that it was the prose. As a matter of fact, I pretty much hated it. Daisy is supposed to be witty but she comes off as a smart-ass mostly and not with a particularly good sense of humour either. Oh, and another thing. Daisy, love? We've seen the movies too. You don't need to lull us with your exceptional knowledges. And, seriously. You're a half-demon named Daisy? I know this is supposedly explain but, sorry, I still find it lame. Overall? I'd say the book was ok, but no more, no less than that.
I'm not going to rate Roald Dahl. I wanted to re-read some of his books and he enchants me still; that's all you need to know, really.
I'd read some good reviews about this one but didn't really expect to like it that much. The characters are amazing and the atmosphere great. The ending was a little abrupt I think, but *****SPOILER ALERT*******the guest appearances by John Constantine and Batman were more than welcomed. ****END OF SPOILER*******I liked it a lot and I'll definately keep reading.
I couldn't wait for the hard-copy to arrive, so I read the e-book instead and finished the whole thing in a few hours. Neil Gaiman never seizes to amaze me; that's probably understandable since he is my favourite author and all. In any case, "The Ocean at the End of the Lane" is a wonderful, magical book about childhood and the world and art and the door in every artist's art. It felt so familiar, yet at the same time it was a beautiful, lyrical, scary, horrific tale. Once more, the pattern of the Grey Ladies/Furies/Triple Goddess/Lilim is invoked and, appropriately, Neil offers his thanks to this family of women who have been there every time he needed them. Excellent. Just...excellent.
Well, I must say, I'm not a fan of this. That is, I liked Thessaly in "The Sandman" and I like Bill Willingham in "Fables", but I don't really dig the combination of the two. I'm thinking this was a story that could have been excellent if it were written by Mike Carey or Gaiman himself but, as it is, I found it lacking in many respects.
I wanted to like this book, I really did. And, to be fair, the writing is actually good but, unfortunately, it's the only thing that's good about it. "Winter Witch" tells the story of Ellasif, a shield maiden from the distand Lands of the Linnorm Kings, and Declan Avari, an apprentice mapmaker from Korvosa. And there lies the first of my numerous problems with this novel: it felt very generic. I could have easily pictured this same story taking place in any other RPG universe or even a completely original world. It didn't feel unique or specific to Golarion at all. My second problem lies with the characters. Ellasif is completely unlikeable and, whereas Declan is mostly ok, he is also kind of boring. My dislike towards Ellasif had bloomed until the middle of the book, when we learned some things about her background story. However, this was the wrong way to go about it, I believe. When I've grown accustomed to despising a certain character for 200 pages, it's tough to make me change my opinion, especially since what I learn doesn't change the fact that said character is a mean, hot-headed, manipulative bitch. And lets go for the third problem now. "Winter Witch" is unbelievably predictable. Everything I thought would happen in this book happened. I mean, for real. Everything! It was all so cliche, I kept thinking "I've seen this before" or "I've read that one before". Last but not least, the pace was very weird. Up until the middle of the book, nothing much happens. It's basically like a road-trip where people get to share feelings and learn about one another. And then, all of the sudden, it becomes action-packed. I don't know, I all felt a little too formulaic to me, I think. As if someone walked up to the writer and told her: "you're gonna write a book for us, we don't care what you write, we don't give a damn about your characters, but it needs to have at least 5 action scenes" and,so, she crammed them all together. And, oh, right, I almost forgot. What on earth? What exactly is Declan supposed to be? Is there even such a class in Pathfinder? I wouldn't even mind about that had everything else been alright, but it wasn't. Ultimately, I'd say "Winter Witch" is an ok book but definitely not the best Pathfinder Tales have to offer.
Amazing. Simply put, this is my absolute favourite from the series. This is the point it gets serious, guys. This is the first time Harry doesn't win. It is also the first time we actually realize that there is a major plot going on and not merely seperate adventures. The "Prisoner of Azkaban" is the turning point for the series. It's not just Harry vs Voldemort, there are revelations, twists, vengeance and betrayal. And it's my favourite exactly because it's a turning point. I've read this novel 30 or 40 times and now, rereading it, I still struggled not to cry near the end. So, sincerely Mrs Rowling, thank you.
I only hope what I think happened in the end didn't really happen... onwards! To volume 7!
Dear Mr. Gross,what started off in my mind as a review ended up to be a letter addressed to you because, after three books, I felt the need to thank you personally. Taking the time to appropriately fangirl at this point, I literally squealed with delight when I saw you had liked my review of "Master of Devils"; thank you so much for taking the time to read what your fans think of your work. So, in the hopes you might read this as well, I decided to adress you directly this time. I have really struggled to be objective with your Jeggare & Radovan novels, I have struggled to find something wrong with them but the truth is I can't be objective. From the very first moment these characters felt close to my heart and, three books later, I consider them to be my friends. I love both of them equally and you, sir, have done an outstanding job of making them real to me. These past days, I often caught myself laughing out loud or sharing a joke from your books, talking about Radovan and the Count as if they'd been actual persons and I'd been in all those adventures with them. I am a voracious reader yet it has been a long...long time since last I'd been so emotionally invested in a book's characters. Thank you for that. As for "Queen of Thorns", well, thank you for that too. I read the book in two days -and that was merely because I had to do other stuff as well, otherwise I wouldn't have put it down for the world. Once again, the secondary characters were marvelous, different from the ones in your previous novels and having their unique, distinctive voices. I was pleasantly surprised at the depth of their subplots as well. Oparal and the unicorn! Such a sweet, beautiful story. Caladrel and the Prince! I must admit, my heart sunk at that. Fim! I truly loved that gnome of yours! And Kemeili! The realization near the ending and her relationship with Radovan were brilliant. As for Radovan's story, that was a huge twist and I like how each book adds to what we know of his background. I noticed that this was more action-packed than the previous two novels and it also had a more prominent RPG-ish feeling about it. I truly enjoyed seeing how our two heroes interacted within a party of adventurers and I welcomed the change from "Prince of Wolves" and "Master of Devils". And though I loved those books just as much as "Queen of Thorns", I love the fact that you always seem willing to try out new things even more. You keep the reader interested and alert as we never know what to expect from you -except that it'll be something good. The elven politics added yet another layer in the story, another thing for which I am grateful; you seem to expect as much of your readers as your readers expect of you, you urge us to be intelligent, to consider possibilities and plots and, having been fed up with brainless fantasy, I cannot begin to tell you how much I appreciate that. And the descriptions...the descriptions were breathtaking. Starting this third book and having read a little bit of the summary on the back cover, I was extremely curious to see what you'd do with a completely fictional setting such as the Elven society. Because your great grasp of individual culture had been one of the many reasons I'd come to feel so passionately about "Prince of Wolves" and "Master of Devils", I was wondering if you'd do equal justice to the Elven culture. Once more, you delivered.I truly hope your imagination gives us more Jeggare & Radovan stories. I would also like to see you publish something other than RPG based stories at some point because I have come to have great faith in your talent and I'd be very interested to see what sort of fantasy setting you would create if given absolute freedom. The truth is, I only read "Prince of Wolves" because I wanted to get a better grasp of Golarion, since we're starting a Pathfinder campaign, but I got so much more than just your average RPG tie-in. I only pity the poor friends I'll be forcing to read your books. Thank you for Radovan and the Count and thank you for the great adventures. Please, please, please, keep writing!
I bought this novella on amazon because I really liked the title -which reminds me of the Deine Lakaien song, "Slowly Comes my Night"- and the premise seemed interesting. I enjoyed the writing overall, but there were a couple of things an editor could have done to polish it and make it shine - some typos and a few hiccups in punctuation. The story itself is not terribly original but it's well executed. Other than that, though, it was an amalgam of ideas I've seen before and read before. Τhe base of the explanation seems to be more sci-fi than horror, which is intriguing. Finally, I've really grown tired of contemporary horror writers who dismiss traditional vampire stereotypes. People should stop doing that; it stopped being original 20 years ago. You don't need to tell us that your vampires don't burn in the sun, don't lack a reflection, don't fear crosses etc. Just tell us what they do and who they are, that's all. Readers have pretty much accepted the idea that "Dracula" isn't the only vampire literature in existence any more. Overall, I'd say "Lonely is the Night" is a well-written, well-executed story that is entertaining if not very original. And the title is still great.
I have loved Caitlin R. Kiernan's work ever since I read "The Girl Who Would Be Death". And, then, along came "Threshold" and, from page one of that book, I knew she would become one of my favourite writers. Reading "Red Delicious", I figured out why I liked the Quinn novels as much as I do. It's not only because she's "taking back the language of the night", as she says. It's mainly because she's giving it back to us, as well. She's giving us back our monsters the way they should be: scary, terrifying and inhuman. I love the humour and the meta-comments as much as the next girl, but more than that, I love that Siobhan Quinn offers me, as a reader, the darkness I long for. A lot of contemporary speculative fiction has a tendency of de-fantascizing fantasy and I know I've written this before, but it's true. The monsters are not monsters anymore and fantasy readers ask for realism. I'm not one of those readers. I'm one of those people who crave the night and I'm extremely thankful to writers like Caitlin R. Kiernan for giving it back to us.
I will be copy-pasting this for every Goosebumps novel I'll be reading.On a whim, I decided to read all of the Goosebumps books. Some of them I've read before but, for the most part, I haven't. I won't be giving any stars; this doesn't mean anything about my actual opinion for the books, it only means that I don't think I can realistically, objectively rank 62 books which are not even meant for my age. I did enjoy the ones I read as a child and I am enjoying the ones I'm reading now, so that's what matters, I believe. Yes, there are some repetitive patterns and, yes, the endings are sometimes silly and, yes, R.L. Stine may not be the best of writers. Still, I feel like I have to commend him for two things in particular: first, for bringing the horror genre early on into our lives and, second, for subtly dealing with important family issues, such as moving away, a parent loosing a job, a accident happening etc. And I think the huge success of these books speaks volumes. So, I'll just be enjoying reading them in the following couple of weeks, not reviewing or evaluating them.
Cannot get over this. Seriously.
Still think the main character is insufferable, the rest of them flat and the mythology leaves much to be desired. But the ending was kind of cool and got me interested in reading the next.
I really love "Morning Glories". No, really. I love it. It's completely paranoid and you always sort of have the feeling that they might be exaggerating the story beyond repair, but I like it for that. I can't see where it's going and I don't particularly care, either.I enjoy it for all its craziness and though I do hope to get some explanations and conclusions in the end, even if I don't, I'll have enjoyed the journey.
This was just excellent. The best volume so far, with Tracy as the protagonist again and an amazing plot.
I think I'm turning into a huge Ed Brubaker fan because I still haven't read anything of his that I haven't liked. Velvet is a brilliant spy comic, full of suspense, intrigue, action and, well, spies. Velvet Templeton is an amazing, interesting character and the story is well-crafted, with quite a lot of twists. I have a feeling Velvet will be one of my favourite on-going series, just like Fatale was before it. Overall, an excellent read.
There was something bugging me from the beginning of this series, but I ignored it, mainly because I adore the premise and I adored the western setting of the first novella. I don't feel the same about hardcore sci-fi, though, and that thing became more prominent in this second episode. So here goes: telling me that a character is trans or Indian or Middle Eastern or black is most definitely *not* characterization or character development. Diversity is great but this is not a United Colors of Benetton ad, this is literature and literature needs characters. It's great that Mr. Underwood writes this new generation, inclusive fantasy (it really is and I loved what he did with it in the Geekomancy series). But these characters have absolutely no flavor, they have no personality, they all talk the same way and think the same way and all that sets them apart is their... well... their tumblrness. Seriously. A Middle Eastern trans woman with kids, an Indian woman in a wheelchair (we know nothing else about her, really, she's basically just background), a black man who is a literature professor, a Chinese woman who is a stand-up comedian and a South African ex merc. And a generic white woman who likes romance. And these descriptions I give you right here are about all the character development you get. Which makes me think that diversity is used in order to cover up the fact that the characters are cardboard cut-outs. And I feel bad for writing this because this is a truly amazing premise, it would make an excellent TV series or book series maybe but, as a series of novellas is just not working for me.
The best volume so far, with a really great plot and interesting secondary characters. Seriously, my only problem was that it was all over really quickly and I wanted more of it.
My least favourite of the series, this novella was simply too long. I don't particularly enjoy dungeon-crawling as a player and, so, it stands to reason I wouldn't really like it as a reader either. Don't get me wrong, there's plenty of action going on and the usual humour too; but drags on and on and, ultimately, it would have worked much better if it were half the length.
This is excellent. Just that: excellent. And what a cliffhanger! Now I can't wait to read volume 3.
So, apparently I read the Thessaly volumes in the wrong order but that's alright, I didn't have a problem following the story. This first volume is probably better than the second one plotwise, but I admit it lacked in terms of creative vision. It's an ok story, I suppose, but there's nothing deeper about it, nothing to stirr the readers' imagination and thought.
I must admit I have mixed feelings for this one. The premise is great, there are several amazing ideas and several amazing moments and the vampire mythology is interesting and the ending is absolutely brilliant; however, the book as a whole didn't convince me. (view spoiler)[I wasn't persuaded that this average guy with no medical education learned everything about the vampires in three years while doctors and scientists hadn't found the answers while the plague was raging. And I wasn't persuaded that these "living" vampires managed to find a "cure" without Robert ever knowing. Remember he used to hunt by day and vampires (dead and living, he says so himself) gathered around his house? And if they wanted to kill him, why didn't they do so three years ago? Why didn't they burn his house, as he is constantly wondering? (hide spoiler)]A well-written book with a good premise and an amazing ending, but not so convincing altogether.
I can't get enough of Johannes Cabal and his venomous sense of humour. I also can't get the picture of him in red tights out of my mind.
Daaaamn! This was fantastic. Excellent artwork and a really good story, with twists and turns and a brilliantly crafted main character. I can't find any fault with this, trully. It may very well become one of my on-going favourites.
Oh my, I loved this book. I read it back-to-back with "Speak" and I must say..."Wintergirls" really got to me. The language is powerful and amazing, the characters feel so real and the protagonist's struggle with anorexia is compelling and heartbreaking. I simply couldn't put it down, finished the whole thing in one sit. Mrs Anderson, you've outdone yourself. If "Speak" was good, "Wintergirls" was near perfection.
I liked the premise and the four main characters seemed to be really interesting, but then suddenly the plot exploded and we got another bunch of characters, all sorts of different subplots and it all got very confusing. I can tell this is a very ambitious comic and I do hope it manages to deliver, but I do get the feeling it overextended really quickly. In any case, it was an enjoyable read, even if it got a bit tedious near the ending of this first volume.
Before I begin, I must say one thing: if you 're not a hardcore geek, you 're probably not going to enjoy this book. And I do mean hardcore: movies, TV shows, books, RPGs, card games, you really need to be experienced in all of them if you want to fully emerge into the world of Geekomancy. It's not a book for everyone; it 's a book for us, though, the roleplayers and genre afficionados of this world. The idea behind this novel is actually rather brilliant: people doing magic using geek culture references, props and genre emulation powered by collective nostalgia. And it 's precisely this brilliant idea that makes up for all the flaws of the plot (which is quite straightforward) and the characters (some of whom have no motive for doing what they 're doing). I admit, though, that because Geekomancy is the first in a series, the writer needed to outline his world for us before doing anything else. I will definitely be reading more of Mr. Underwood.
I will miss this series. Mostly, I will miss Athena and Odysseus, but Hermes and Henry and Andie too. I'll even miss Ares and Thanatos, but not Cassandra. When the trilogy started, I remember thinking that Cassie was one of the most boring characters ever. She and Athena were the only characters with POVs back then and Athena outshined Cassie every step of the way. I think I've written this before but Kendare Blake wrote an amazing Athena. As a Greek reader with a deep love for mythology, I can say this: I wouldn't have wanted anything else. She's the goddess of wisdom and battle embodied, she is exactly how I would have imagined Athena to be in this day and age. And Odysseus (I cannot say how happy I am that miss Blake calls him Odysseus and not Ulysses) was brilliant too. Basically, everyone was great, except Cassandra. Anyway, my point is, back in book 1, Cassie was boring. Then, by book 2 she became irritating and then in book 3 she was just infuriating (and if you don't get this pun you probably haven't read the book yet, so what are you still doing here?). I just dislike the girl and, from what other reviews I've seen, I gather this is a pretty common feeling. But Athena. Athena makes up for everything. What more can I say? Well, Kendare Blake has a rare gift for imagery, her writing is so visual and evocative you just can't get enough of it. And she's well-read too, I'll give her that. The only thing that did kind of threw me was the part in Athens. Cassie thinks Athens is a beautiful city? Oh, come on. Athens is grey and filthy. Yes, Greece is a gorgeous country with amazing history, but Athens just sucks, lets face it. Also, we don't make souvlaki with lamb meat, just pork and chicken. We make kebab with lamb meat but that's not souvlaki. And we do put the tzatziki in the souvlaki if we intend to eat it either way :P But hey, you can't have everything and (even though I feel that modern day Athens was such a missed opportunity - the death of the Greek gods could have been beautifully tied with the real world situation of the Greek government debt and the economic crisis) Ungodly was an awesome finale to a really good trilogy. One thing I cannot forgive, though. These horrible, generic titles. I remember when Antigoddess came out the title of book 2 was supposed to be Aristeia and the one of book 3 was something equally marvellous. These were replace with Mortal Gods and Ungodly, which could basically fit pretty much any book of any genre - that's how generic they are. Anyway. Great book, great trilogy. Give it a go.
Absolute must-read for all World of Darkness fans!
Really good volume, with some great dynamics and interesting antagonists. There's a conclusion to the story with Brainiac and the Huntress really shines in this one.
Yeeeah... no. I didn't like the artwork, I didn't like the story and the main characters are both horrible. Katchoo is insane. Seriously. She's a terrible person, violent, rude and full of hatred, she's dangerous and should probably be either in jail or committed. Francine is a hysterical idiot. She acts like the victim all the time, when all that's been happening to her has been the result of her own choices. Freddie is outrageously and with no reason at all portrayed as a bad person in the beginning (how sexist of him! to want to sleep with his girlfriend of one year! OMG, the misogyny!) and then turned into a complete carricature as the volume progresses. He's a cheater, a womaniser, he's sexist and homophobic and he's also corrupted and stealing money from his clients. And all this, to make us sympathize with Francine and Katchoo, whose actions are batshit crazy either way. Poetry was pretty decent, though, and David was a fairly nice character. I'm surprised, since every other man in the book has been an awful, sexist pig, but David is OK. Bottom line: I have a strong reaction to works of art trying to force feed me ideas. I like to question things and be challenged, that's what I want from a work of art. Not hitting me repeatedly on the head with "Feminism for Dummies".
This is one of my favourite ongoing series, I love the artwork and characters, as well as the unique storyline and mythology mash-up.
So in love with this comic, I cannot even say.
I read this for a course on fantasy and sci-fi and loved it. It was my first time reading Wells and I was very surprised that I liked it so much!
The Goth Girl books are probably the prettiest books that I own. They are absolutely gorgeous and "The Wuthering Fright" is not an exception. I've said it before but I'll say it again: I love children's novels that don't consider children to be dumb. Chris Riddell's books are intelligent, witty and will be enjoyed by both kids and adults. I feel they have great re-reading potential because a child will not understand all of the literary references in the books, but will get more and more out of the novels growing up. In any case, 5 solid stars for Chris Riddell's newest Goth Girl.
Oh, I loved this one! I think it probably is my second favourite of the witches books. Agnes is a great character and a nice addition to the coven, much more interesting than Magrat Garlick, I think. The plot was great, the cameo appearance of the Watchmen was great, the humour was great; overall, there's not one thing about this book that I didn't like.
An amazing, heart-breaking poem; more of a story in verse than a poem, I guess. It brought back fond memories of Wilde's "The Ballad of the Reading Gaol".
Caitlin R. Kiernan is one of my favourite writers. I've said this before, but I will say it again: she possesses a rare gift for language and manages to turn everything and anything into poetry. Her Bast was fantastically written: an old, fading goddess in a world that has forgotten her, trying to stay alive and regain her former glory. This is a sad story of cats and men, of old gods and silky sands. Like Kiernan's "The Girl Who Would Be Death", this is one of the best Sandman spin-offs in my opinion and one definitely worth reading.
This is indeed a story about stories and I was bound to love it for that fact alone. But I've come to adore Terry Pratchett's witches and I seem to be unable to stop reading about them. So, basically: great book, very funny, meant for intelligent readers, stop reading this review this instant and go read the novel instead.
Definitely a great point for any new reader to start with the Radovan & the Count series. The narrative follows the pattern of the novels with two first-person points of view, there's the familiar interaction between the boys and I think it works well with "Hell's Pawns"; I'm currently considering the possibility that these two stories might be a setup for a future novel (if, perhaps, after the Henderthane affair someone in the Decemvirate wants the Count away from Cheliax because there are plans beeing planned and plots beeing plotted and that's the reason why they keep him from returning to Egorian as we've seen after "Prince of Wolves"). The ending stroke me as particularly funny and marking the beginning of the friendship between Varian and Radovan. Radovan didn't tell him he'd been right about the assassin but Varian didn't comment his sudden appearance either. This only serves to prove that between two well-crafted characters even the silences are gold.
It wasn't all bad, there were some funny moments and the plot was mildly interesting at times, but the protagonist is stupid bordering at brain-damaged and many things happen instantly (like how suddenly she's a black belt and kicks Fae ass). Other than that, I think it mainly reads as the pilot of a series the actual plot of which starts with episode 2.
I must admit, I really-really-really liked this book. I read it in just a few hours and it felt like something clicking. It's just so cute and quirky and familiar, Fanboy and Goth Girl are such realistic and likeable characters -even though he's a horny 15 year old and she'd batshit crazy, and it was wonderful to finally read a YA novel which is about us (the geeks, the fanboys, the goth girls, the people that aren't popular) and is so down to earth at the same time. The bullied geek doesn't get all of his dreams come true, he only gains some perspective by the end of the story; the self-destructive goth girl doesn't become all happiness and puppies, she just gets a friend. I liked the bittersweet feel of this book, it's not a drama and it's not a comedy, it's just a story about two kids struggling with adolescence and the world around them.
Again, not rating. Roald Dahl was and still remains my favourite author of children's literature.
I liked the novel overall, though it felt kind of dated at times. There were some boring chapters, especially near the ending, but it was an enjoyable read in general.
I found myself in tears reading the ending of this story. I've followed Stjepan Šejić since "Caliber" (which was a fantastic comic), but his work on "Sunstone" was just spectacular and I feel I can finally say this now that "Sunstone" is over. Looking at the amazing covers and the artwork, you might think this one falls under the erotica category. You might think this is about BDSM or about lesbian sex. In reality, this is a story about two people falling in love and all the hardships of forming a solid relationship of mutual trust and acceptance. It is a story deeply human and engaging - and very realitic, I might add. And even though the visuals are stunningly sexy, at times, it is not a sexual story. Most importantly, it is a tale that feels true. Not once did I think: "this is a dude's fantasy of how two women into BDSM have sex". Ally and Lisa are well thought out characters, excellently crafted and explored by an artist I knew was a talented illustrator but had never thought would be such a great writer as well. In other words: this is brilliant and you should read it.
Α 3.5, actually but closer to 3 than 4, I believe. I am a devoted fan of Lilith Saintcrow and have followed her work for a long time now. "Nameless" shares the same weaknesses as her Bannon & Clare series: the world seems interesting but we don't really get to know it. The mythology feels a little rushed; incomplete, maybe. However, I liked the characters and the story and this version of Snow White absolutely worked for me. It's a very good book all in all, but I hope she focuses a little more on the world in the following installments.P.S. A scarred protagonist that stutters? Stroke of brilliance!
Not a big fan of Lovecraft and his mythos, still I really loved the way it interacted with the noir elements of the story. The plot seems very promising, the characters were intriguing and the dialogue was well-written. I'll definitely keep reading.
A fun and light Johannes Cabal story, the first one ever published.
I originally heard about the Fafhrd and Gray Mouser stories reading Michael Moorcock's "Wizardry and Wild Romance";I was very impressed by Moorcock's love for Leiber's sword & sorcery short stories and instantly knew I had to read them as well. I loved the characters: the smart barbarian who longs for civilization and the cunning rogue who's tempted by dark magic. The little brushes of horror here and there were a stroke of genious and I particularly liked the way the two separate stories come together in "Ill met in Lankhmar". In sum, some of the best and most classic sword & sorcery written, it still remains fresh and enjoyable. I'll definitely be reading mor of Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser's adventures.
I loved it. I absolutely adored every page of it and I can't wait for the second. I already wrote one review in Greek for this one today, so I'm too tired to write another in English but this is the short version: read this book.
To be perfectly honest, it's a 2.5, probably, but closer to a 3 than a 2. I did like the characterization and the plot twists, which were numerous; however, I did find the novel a bit too long and I hated the last part of the story. I should clarify this, though: I didn't hate the injustice of it, I just found the whole part absolutely silly and absurd, almost as if the writer got bored and wanted to wrap everything up very quickly. Overall, I enjoyed it, but it left me a bit unsatisfied.
I think this one was probably the least satisfactory of the series: it was slow-paced and at times repetitive, not to mention predictable in terms of who the main antagonist was. I did like the take on the Ripper murders, as well as the antagonist's plan but it could have been much more complex, I believe. The characters were, as usual, very well written though, I admit, Emma's decision near the end didn't make much sense to me and I felt it was an attempt for needless drama. In any case, it was an enjoyable book but I do think the Red Plague Affair was by far the best of the trilogy.
So, I'm generally not a very big fan of superhero comics, but Batwoman came highly recommended, so I thought I'd give it a shot. And I'm really glad I did. The plot of this first volume is decent, but kind of unfocused at times and it doesn't actually explain to the new reader what has went down with Kate and her sister. The characters are really well-written and the protagonist is very interesting. She's damaged, she's a lesbian and she's also far from perfect. However, the thing about Batwoman that really shines is the artwork, which is absolutely, incredibly amazing. It pushes the boundaries of the medium and it kind of reminded me of Grendel in that respect. I will be reading more of this, definitely.
Alright, now I'm pissed. The god-damned King is threatening to kill his son and gives his soldiers orders to attack him if he doesn't back off a mission to save his grandson. Prince IV, however, finds it absurd since his daddy obviously cared so much about him that he sent him hunt down two deserters... oh, wait. This makes no sense. Nothing about this Prince IV story arc makes sense, really, but, in this volume, the level of absurdity just skyrocketed. We have this whole background of Marko's violent tendencies, which we haven't really seen much of, simply because the writer needs to write about domestic violence. His attack on Alana in the previous volume was so out of character that it had to be explained via a flashback. Also, why did Marko try the drug? He seemed pretty adamant about it before. And the drug that almost killed him helped him find himself. Also, what sort of message does one send when they punish a child for beating someone by... beating said child? And how about what Barr said to Alana back before he died, about how he wasn't a good father to Marko? Because Marko seems to adore his father, actually. Did the terrorists actually think that their enemies would release thousands of prisoners as ransom for this one kid? Still laughing with that one.Why did Yuma sacrifice herself? And, while we're at it, why is the narrator so disapprovin of her father leaving Prince IV behind, when IV repeatedly threatened to kill him and his family and had constantly been a dick to everybody?Do not get me started on Sophie. But none of that was what pissed me, really. What pissed me off was this line about how women suffer more in wars. Why? Why do women suffer more in wars? How is this comment even remotely relevant to what is happening at that particular moment? I would get it if the narrator said that children suffer more in wars (though it's not a contest), but this I don't get and it really doesn't tie in at all with what's happening. And we still don't know why on earth everyone wants Hazel and goes to ridiculous amounts of trouble to procure her.
The reason I'm giving "Wayfarer" the same rating as I did "Nameless" is because the setting and mythology of it are better explained here and there are a couple of very dark scenes, bordering on horrific. On the other hand, Ellen wasn't a very likeable character. I get that she's supposed to be terrified but her actions and thoughts for the majority of the book just made her seem self-centered and bitchy. Also, there are a few questions left unanswered and, though I did like the ending, I'd definitely have liked it more if I'd had said answers. Overall, I'd say "Wayfarer" is a good, entertaining read despite its flaws, but I think "Nameless" was slightly better in the end.
I guess I'm supposed to write some detailed review, but I can't. I don't think I can ever be objective with Neil Gaiman's work. That said, The Sleeper and the Spindle is a great book and I think Chris Riddell was the perfect illustrator for it. It's a dark fairytale, but a fairytale nonetheless, painted in black and white and gold. And it's nice to see that after so many books and short stories and comics of his that I've read, Neil Gaiman can still surprise me. This is a gorgeous book too, and we have Chris Riddell to thank for that. Overall, a great story with wonderful illustrations. What are you waiting for?
I generally don't dig anything with zombies in it, but I was motivated to read this as part of a horror novels challenge. And I'm glad I did because it's an amazing book. It's difficult to imagine how a post-apocalyptic setting with zombies can be so horrifying and so heart-breaking at the same time; go no further, "The Reapers are the Angels" manage to do exactly that. I loved every page of this unique, magnificent novel. I loved the strangeness of it, the raw quality of the language and its beauty, the characters, the inevitability of the ending. Overall, an amazing read.
Another great volume and I think Gail Simone really gets the dynamic between Canary, Oracle and the Huntress; the three of them truly shine when she writes them and this was a great conclusion to senator Pullman's story. The final issue of this volume is one I've read before and I can't say I liked the art very much, but it was actually a pretty decent issue in all other aspects.
So, apparently I've read at least a couple of Grant Morrison comics so far (Arkham Asylum and We3) and I must say that, so far, I'm enjoying the Invisibles the most. I won't write more before finishing the whole story, though, because I want to have an informed and complete opinion on it.
I do think that Sunglasses After Dark is one of the best vampire novels in existence. Sadly, Vamps isn't half as good. It reads like a cross between Gossip Girl and Vampire Academy and it sports an extremely predictable plot and cliche characters. Fun fact is, I did enjoy reading it but more around the terms of a guilty pleasure rather than an actually good book.
I don't think I've read anything else by Peter Milligan, but this was an extraordinary comic book (I know, I know, I'm supposed to write "graphic novel" but I despise the term; it makes me think we feel guilty about reading comics). This is an amazing story, profound and multi-layered, equal parts brilliant and thought-provoking. There are so many things one can take away from a story like this and these things will probably differ for each reader. I devoured it and I'm really happy I decided to do so, on a whim. The artwork... well, yes, as is the case with many VERTIGO titles, the artwork borders on despicable. But, believe me, the story totally makes up for it.
I'm reading a lot on New Orleans at the moment and found this book very interesting and useful, it truly conveyed the feeling of walking the French Quarter and offered a lot of pictures of important buildings, all of which was most useful to me.
I started off really liking this one but it lost me somewhere along the way. Don't get me wrong, most of the stories were interesting and really well-written, however, after a certain point the main narrative felt repetitive and many times I thought the book would have been better if it was half the length. That being said, I enjoyed it much more than "Choke" or "Fight Club", though I got slightly bored with it towards the end.
Not saying that I didn't like Lord and Ladies; I just didn't enjoy it as much as the previous witches novels. I think this was mainly due to the fact that the book was longer than it needed to be, with many more characters than it needed to have. I did love the ending, though, which I thought was the best of the four witches books so far.
This was so entertaining! It takes a special kind of writer to turn an inanimate object into a character, but Terry Pratchett did so superbly. Although I still prefer his witches novels, I'm definetely starting to warming up to Rincewind and I was sad,in the end, with Twoflowers departure. They made for a great duo and I really liked the tourist. I'm curious to read Rincewind's next adventures, though.
This is more like 4.5 stars, really, but still less than a solid 5-star. I loved Tracy Lawless, he was a much more complicated and conflicted character than Leo was in the first volume and I'd like to see more of him (which will probably be the case). Ed Brubaker has a talent for writing gritty, noir stories and I'm beginning to enjoy Criminal as much as I emjoyed Fatale.
Another great volume in the Vampire Hunter D manga series. The art is consistently amazing and the story is really engaging, though the fact that there's a part 2 and we'll have to wait until 2014 to read it drives me nuts. There were some moments when I wasn't sure what happened, but these were very few and, generally, the volume had excellent pace. Can't wait for vol. 8!
It pains me to give such a low rating because I was expecting to read something as good as the Dorina Basarab series - which I loved. But this book was absolutely terrible. Every single mistake an urban fantasy writer could make was made. The main character is insufferable, stupid and has a deathwish. Characters that I've seen in the DB series are completely different (Mircea is absolutely creepy and horrible and Louis-Cesare dresses like Radu does later on and even his name is written differently). Before we even reach the middle of the novel, we've met every single supernatural thing there is in Karen Chance's world, along with huge infodumps as seen fit. The plot is minimal and, for the most part, people just chase Cassie around and she ends up fainting. And I cannot even discuss the whole sex thing, I was absolutely disgusted at that point by what I was reading. I don't think I'll be reading any more of the Cassandra Palmer series anytime soon, even though I'll definitely be continuing the Dorina Basarab one.
The best book in the series so far and an amazing finale to a tale of etiquette and espionage. Gail Carriger's books are mix of well thought out steampunk, comedy of manners and urban fantasy. Manners & Mutiny was no different. It was also full of action, spycraft, twists and character development, all leading towards a spectacular, granf finish. I must admit, I will miss Sophronia and her adventures.
I think it's about time I start at least one of my reviews of the Radovan & the Count series with what is, perhaps, what most drew me to these books: the characters. I've often ranted about flawless characters and how I can't stand them. To all writers out there, please do a favour to yourselves and stop creating perfect heroes. No matter what you may believe, it's not cool, it's boring. I'd take an uptight wizard who can't cast spell from memory without becoming nauseous over a flawless character any day. I'd take a rude, reckless hellspawn who fights with both nature and nurture as he tries to overcome his heritage and be good over a flawless character any day. I can't help it, I just love how imperfect, flawed and damaged the boys are. It makes them realistic and interesting and the fact that, despite their shortcomings, they manage to persevere, is what turns them to true heroes. That said and out of the way, lets talk some more about the book itself. Oparal's POV was an interesting addition and worked well with the narratives of Varian and Radovan. There's a peculiar relationship forming between her and Radovan which, I thought, was very sweet and I appreciated how she seemed to grow as a character after her ordeal with Kasiya and how much more considerate she was toward Radovan near the end. There was a lot of information concerning the previous novels in the beginning of "King of Chaos"; I imagine that was done to make the book more new-reader friendly. In the tradition of classic sword and sorcery stories, you could literally pick up this novel and read it and understand every bit of it even if you hadn't read any of the previous three. However, for me who had only now read all of the Radovan & the Count novels, this bit was a little tiring - fortunately, it was short. I do suppose, however, that had I read the novels when they came out, this information heavy part would serve to remind my a couple of things, so it doesn't affect my overall opinion of the book. As I was reading about the Anaphexis, I had an epiphany. Now, I'm fairly certain no one did this on purpose because the word doesn't actually exist but here's a thought: if it did exist in Greek, "anaphexis" would mean somethig along the lines of "dim illumination". I thought that was very poetic since they actually aim to dim the light of knowledge and, even if it wasn't done on purpose, it was a really cool coinsidence. Moving on to secondary characters, I'd read a bit about god callers in the supplement and they didn't seem as interesting to me but Alase changed my mind. I hope we get to see more of her in the future. I'd read there were some characters created by other writers (Aprian, Jelani and Ederras), but I thought Mr. Gross did a good job writing them and not for a moment did they seem to me out of place or awkward. I like both Aprian and Jelani and I'll probably be reading their stories after I'm finished with all there is to read about the boys. I would have liked to have seen more interaction between Ederras and Oparal, though - maybe in a future novel, there's always hope. Dragomir stood out, partly because of the name which I've loved ever since creating a VtM character thus called. Urno and Gemma were also nice characters, though we didn't see much of them. The revelation concerning Jeggare's handicap had been hinted at "Queen of Thorns" as well so it wasn't all that surprising. Still, it was well-executed and it'd be interesting to see how it will affect the Count in the following novels. I'm wondering if maybe this will somehow fit with the new, Arcanist class that's being beta-tested now. I enjoyed the connection to "Prince of Wolves" with the Harrowing deck and Luminita's story - that got me thinking if there was any connection to the story and Azra or if Luminita is a common name in Ustalav. I did notice that Radovan was funnier than usual in this novel and I liked how Dave Gross acknowledged that by telling us how the Worldwound affected everyone - in Radovan's case, he made more jokes. I initially thought that "King of Chaos" lacked a strong villain but when I shiftef my perception and cosnidered the possibility of the Lexicon being the actual villain of the story, I changed my mind. This was like the Necronomicon and the One Ring at once! Everyone wanted it for their own purposes but it was corruptive and turned people mad! So it was definitely a great villain and it was interesting to see how it consumed the Count. Another great Radovan & the Count novel overall, which I enjoyed immensely. My only complain is that there's no release date for the fifth novel at the moment so I don't know when to expect the next book. Meanwhile, I'll read the short stories to satisfy my hunger for more of the boys' adventures.
New Orleans, Mardi Gras, jazz musicians, voodoon and drugs. Needless to say, what's not to love? The artwork is top-notch, as always, and the plot intriguing and well-written. The edition is absolutely amazing, with extras and short stories.
I waited for such a book for years and didn't know it. It is a marvellous collection of non-fiction that manages to somehow seem like fiction - it is so beautifully, so impeccably written after all. It is a book about literature and genre and comics and music and making good art. And it is, I think, a book about Neil Gaiman and how he came to writing the magical things that he writes.
This truly is a unique book. It is part fairy-tale, part poem, part fable and part whimsical tale; it is the only one of its kind. It did remind me a little of the "Princess Bride", but only a little. It's funny and witty and beautiful and I'm sure sounds better when read aloud.
This one was fun as well, though at some points a bit repetitive. A page-turner nonetheless.
I liked the change in pace and narration, to me Alex was actually more interesting than Very and I did like Shelby as well. The gorgon community was fascinating and the plot really well-thought and well-executed. The tone was different than the first two books, this was a rural rather than urban fantasy and this tonal change was fresh and enjoyable. Many fantasy series become boring after a couple of books, but this shift in narration allows for multiple characters, multiple parts of the US and multiple cryptid communities to be explored. Neat trick. I'll take a break and read something else for a while, since I've been binging on Seanan McGuire for a few weeks.
I used to read Witchblade some time ago but stopped when Danielle came on board. But after learning that TopCow was rebooting the Artifacts series, I thought I'd give it a try once more. The story was good and looks quite promising as a larger arc and the artwork was fine. I wasn't too thrilled with the writing and dialogues, though. Overall, it's a good start for someone who hasn't read anything from the previous series.
Amazing book, funny and deep, incredibly fresh even after all these years. I would very much like to hit my head somewhere and get amnesia so that I could read it all over again for the second first time!
Although I did like this book better than Poison, I have to say I don't see much sense in the order in which the books were published. This is supposed to be the last in the series but some things in Poison are not clear unless you've read this one first - the most important being the prince's characterization, but also the origin of the diamond slippers. There's a bunch of fairy tales here, along with a couple of hints of Elizabeth Bathory, perhaps, and it's not a bad read overall, it's just a little flat, I guess. Petra and the wolf were the most enchanting part of the story, really, and that says a lot considering they're not even the main characters.
I will be copy-pasting this for every Goosebumps novel I'll be reading. On a whim, I decided to read all of the Goosebumps books. Some of them I've read before but, for the most part, I haven't. I won't be giving any stars; this doesn't mean anything about my actual opinion for the books, it only means that I don't think I can realistically, objectively rank 62 books which are not even meant for my age. I did enjoy the ones I read as a child and I am enjoying the ones I'm reading now, so that's what matters, I believe. Yes, there are some repetitive patterns and, yes, the endings are sometimes silly and, yes, R.L. Stine may not be the best of writers. Still, I feel like I have to commend him for two things in particular: first, for bringing the horror genre early on into our lives and, second, for subtly dealing with important family issues, such as moving away, a parent loosing a job, a accident happening etc. And I think the huge success of these books speaks volumes. So, I'll just be enjoying reading them in the following couple of weeks, not reviewing or evaluating them.
I can't say I liked the artwork in this volume as much, the last segment about Sakhmet, in particular, wasn't at all to my taste, but the story continues in the same, relentless rythm and keeps getting deeper and better.
Second book in the series down, more to go. I have to admit, I really loved this one as well, but I did find some of the subplots predictable (like April and Alex, for example). However, near the end, when everything came together and made sense, I couldn't help being a little heartbroken . So, this still remains the best uf series I've read in a long while.
I remember reading about this series some years back, but did not pick the books up then. I read about them again now in Neil Gaiman's "The View From The Cheap Seats" and thought I'd give them a try. So I read "Charmed Life" and I must say I wasn't terribly impressed. I did like the ideas and the plot, but I had two major issues with the novel: 1) it should have been at least double in size; at the moment, it feels like a summary and 2) all the characters are horrible and cruel, except for the main hero who is completely indifferent. I think I will probably give the series another shot and read the second book at some point, just not, you know, immediately.
This was a surprisingly solid urban fantasy novel, with some excellent characters and an ok plot. Radu and Louis-Cesare were obviously the highlights of the book, but Dorina was actually tolerable (which is more than I can say about the vast majority of female UF/PR protagonists). The fighting scenes were somewhat confusing, thought, and I think this was the main flaw of Midnight's Daughter; that and the absolutely generic title which has nothing to do with anything. Other than that, a satisfying read.
Another mystery for the boys to solve, involving both murder and the theft of the mysterious and dangerous Lacuna Codex. With these crimes thaking place aboard a ship to Absalom, this was a very Orient Express story narrated from the Count' point of view. It was a nice whodunnit - and as I wrote in my review of "Husks" I always enjoy those - but I do think it was a little too short perhaps. The ending felt somewhat compressed and some things could have been more clear. I'd definitely suggest reading "Husks" right after this one as the two stories are in a similar vein and they compliment each other quite nicely. Also, because the POV changes from one story to the next, they give you pretty much the same feeling as the novels, which is a good thing.
This one was tough for me to rate. It does have a stronger plot than the first book, but it lacks some of the outrageously acidic humour of it too. The mood is completely different, as this is a mystery novel and not a dark fantasy one and Cabal remains his delightful self -as always. I liked how his having a soul turned out and how the character evolved without becoming all goody good. However, I did get tired near the end, which felt a bit dragged out to me. I liked Cabal's chemistry with Leonie Barrow and with Count Marechal, but I missed Horst. Overall, it was a very enjoyable and entertaining read and the short story included was great.
Another solid, gothic ghost story from Susan Hill and I cannot help but compare it to "The Woman in Black" a bit, even though such is not my intention. The writing is beautiful, the language flowing and evocatice, the imagery rich in gothic elements. However, I felt that the pace of the story was off; there were a few parts that seemed irrelevant and would drag on and then other parts that were really strong. Overall it was a little predictable for me and I don't think it worked as good as it could have worked. It's still a fine ghost story, just not one that wowed me.
The book was the perfect conclusion to the Infernal Devices trilogy. I loved the poetry and the plot, the dialogue, the internal turmoil, Jem and Will and Tessa and I even loved the cheesy epilogue.
I used to love books about boarding schools when I was younger -and I supposed the reason I loved Harry Potter as much as I did was precisely that- and I've been feeling nostalgic recently. I hadn't read the Trebizon series previously and found the first book very satisfying and easy to read. It definitely had an Enid Blyton aroma but that's hardly a bad thing in my book.
I had started reading "Storm Front" a couple of years back and didn't particularly like it. Now that I'm older and wiser things were slightly different. I must admit, I didn't particularly enjoy Jim Butcher's writing style, but the plot was absolutely brilliant. I was a little disappointed that all the female characters ended up being damsels in distress or throwing themselves at Dresden (or even both). I'll be probably reading more of the series since a strong plot is always welcomed but I do hope to see some stong female characters and an evolution in style in future books.
I loved the second volume of "Fatale" as much as I did the first. I've never been particularly interested in Cthulhu mythos or anything even remotely similar to it, but "Fatale" has managed to capture -and keep- my attention. I really do think it's one of the best on-going series at the moment and will be following the next volumes as well.
An excellent collection of papers on logic, physics, mathematics and metaphysics.
I was actually surprised by how much I liked this book. Though I am a fan of miss Saintcrow's books for adults, her endeavors in the YA field hadn't impressed me so far. The previous two books in this trilogy had certain flaws which I have illustrated in my reviews, so my hopes for Kin hadn't really been that high. However, I think this third novel is the best of the series, for it has all of the great qualities of Nameless and Wayfarer and none of the faults. Ruby is a likeable, relatable character, struggling to be accepted by both her clan and her non-clan friends, battling self-image and self-blame issues and trying to make sense of an abusive relationship while still in her teens. Add to that mixture a serial killer and a great depicture of the werewolf culture and you have a winner. The only flaw I can find is that Kin is a really predictable story; yet, this didn't make it any less enjoyable. A highly recommended reading.
I love "Fatale", I think it's one of the best on-going series at the moment. This was another brilliantly written volume, with great art, but the story didn't actually advance. It was interesting to see that there had been others before Josephine and, in many ways, it brought back memories of "The Magdalena: Origins", but it was more or less a filler volume. It adds to the mythology, of course, and it can be read as a stand-alone volume, which are both great things, but I would have liked at least one of the stories to better tie back with the previous two volumes.
These books are a serious addiction! I liked this one more than the third installment; it was more fast-paced, less repetitive and there were some serious twists as well.
I liked this one better than "Pushing the Limits". Contrary to popular opinion, I loved Beth's character for being strong and independent instead of weak, needy and "damsel in distress". But again, same thing as before annoyed me. "Echo, this is Ryan. Ryan, this is my girl". Seriously, that's romantic? *pukes*She is a person. She has a name. Her name is Echo. She's not property. If Mrs McGarry could get rid of this dated idea of what's romantic, her novels would be perfect for what they are.
I cannot worship these books enough, I'm afraid. This is rapidly turning into my favourite UF series.
I will be copy-pasting this for every Goosebumps novel I'll be reading.On a whim, I decided to read all of the Goosebumps books. Some of them I've read before but, for the most part, I haven't. I won't be giving any stars; this doesn't mean anything about my actual opinion for the books, it only means that I don't think I can realistically, objectively rank 62 books which are not even meant for my age. I did enjoy the ones I read as a child and I am enjoying the ones I'm reading now, so that's what matters, I believe. Yes, there are some repetitive patterns and, yes, the endings are sometimes silly and, yes, R.L. Stine may not be the best of writers. Still, I feel like I have to commend him for two things in particular: first, for bringing the horror genre early on into our lives and, second, for subtly dealing with important family issues, such as moving away, a parent loosing a job, a accident happening etc. And I think the huge success of these books speaks volumes. So, I'll just be enjoying reading them in the following couple of weeks, not reviewing or evaluating them.
It's probably a 3.5, but closer to a 3 than a 4, I believe. That's because there's a lack of balance between the three parts of the book; the first two parts are great, full of mystery and weirdness, they set up the characters, they set up the story and they offer equal parts of horror and fun. The third part, though, is sloppy, almost as if Mr. McGreevy got tired before the ending and tried to cram everything into a few pages. There's no sufficient build-up and we're left with some questions. Olivia's story is told very quickly and it's there that the mythology becomes unclear. Overall, Hemlock Grove is a good book -better than most books about werewolves, actually- but it reads as a first novel. It's an enjoyable read and I'd definitely recommend it but be prepared for a mostly disappointing third part.
After reading Fatale, I decided to give this a shot as well and it's just as good. I loved the noir atmosphere, the characters, the plot and the dialogue; everything was great but I'm just curious to see the next volumes seeing as this seemed like a stand-alone story.
Another re-read and again, I must praise the Greek translator for having done an amazing job. I thought the writing has much improved since the first book, but since I already knew the resolution of the mystery, I cannot say if it was predictable or not - I do remember, though, that when I initially read it I thought it wasn't. Great, entertaining medieval mystery.
I think this must be the first Bendis I've read, and I have to admit it was really good. I didn't dig the art so much, but the writing was decent and Jessica Jones is a very interesting character, bitter, paranoid and damaged. There's a noir vibe going on which I enjoyed as well. All in all, a very satisfying volume (even if some of the issues were not really connected to the main story arc).
It's hard to believe it's over. Dodge still remains one of the most amazing villains I've ever read about, the premise of the keys remains brilliant, the writing is great and Joe Hill always knows how to breathe life into old ideas. "Locke & Key" is definitely a personal favourite and I'm sad the story ended; nevertheless, the finale was excellent and I can't possibly think of any other way this story could have ended.
Once again, great characters and really good artwork (though not as good as that of the first volume. I did get more into the story in this TPB, but I still feel like there are huge gaps left in the plot and even things happening "off camera". However, Batwoman remains a fine, entertaining read.
Fun, fun, fun! Reading this book reminded me of when I was younger and reading R.L. Stine -only better! It was creepy and even a bit scary at times, I think I'm liking the books much better than the tv series.
Dick royal father who thinks his dead son is worth more than his living one cliche? Check. Still, he's a freaking King and not the steward of Gondor, so risking his son's life repeatedly for some deserters' sake still makes no freaking sense to me. Alana and Marko argue because he doesn't work and she does... yeahbutahwhat? Why is this happening? Marko suggested she worked in the Open Circuit because it was her dream. From the fact that she's hiding, it looks like it would be way easier for him, being from Wreath, to get a job. She's doing drugs, which, apparently is no big deal, but Marko is the one loosing his temper so much that he throws a bag at her. Because we wanted to throw in the bunch something about domestic abuse and this for some reason made sense. Peaceful Marko who broke his family's sword to not ever use violence again attacked his wife and this makes sense >. And Yuma sells them out for exactly zero reasons. Not to mention this dude just kept shooting people even though each and every one of them explained it was not possible to broadcast right that moment. Why does she sell them out and why on earth does he even bother to go check if her story is true? *sighs* As I said, I get the appeal. It's just kind of superficial and soap-opera-y for my tastes.
This was certainly an entertaining read, but I do think we should have watched it as flashbacks or, maybe, a two-hours special of the series. It really has nothing much to offer in terms of literature, but I'd recommend it as a quick reading for the fans of The Originals.
This is such a phenomenal novel and I've waited so long for it. I've been waiting for it unknowingly for the best part of my adult life. So what can I say, how can I put my feelings into words? Philip Pullman is a brilliant writer and I've thought so going into each one of his books. "La Belle Sauvage" is not different. It is the ideal mix of character development, action, mystery, philosophy and social commentary. What it isn't, however, is a children's books. There are a couple of shocking things in this book - not graphic or distasteful, but shocking nonetheless. So don't buy this for your kids, buy it for yourselves. It *is* an excellent novel, after all. It is also a stand alone novel. Don't hear anyone who might tell you otherwise; even if you don't remember a thing from "His Dark Materials", you can still read and enjoy this. Which you should. Because it's awesome.
I enjoyed this novel very much; as a matter of fact, several people had recommended it to me over the years but I just never got around to reading it until now. Being a huge fan of Jean Auel's "Earth's Children" series, I recognized the inspirations for the Wendol immediately and was gratified to see that the appendix proved me right. The take on "Beowulf" is brilliant and unique and Crichton did a gret job of passing his novel as an actual manuscript. Although the beginning is quite tedious, the remainder of the novel is fast paced and flowing. The characters are likeable and Ibn Fadlan's narrative doesn't lack appeal.
A great YA book, honest in its intentions. The only thing I deeply disliked was the whole "she's mine" "she's my girl" thing, as if Echo doesn't have a name. I guess that might just be slang but there's still something possessive and misogynistic about it that I don't like -and I don't like because it's supposedly romantic when clearly it's not.
I will be copy-pasting this for every Goosebumps novel I'll be reading.On a whim, I decided to read all of the Goosebumps books. Some of them I've read before but, for the most part, I haven't. I won't be giving any stars; this doesn't mean anything about my actual opinion for the books, it only means that I don't think I can realistically, objectively rank 62 books which are not even meant for my age. I did enjoy the ones I read as a child and I am enjoying the ones I'm reading now, so that's what matters, I believe. Yes, there are some repetitive patterns and, yes, the endings are sometimes silly and, yes, R.L. Stine may not be the best of writers. Still, I feel like I have to commend him for two things in particular: first, for bringing the horror genre early on into our lives and, second, for subtly dealing with important family issues, such as moving away, a parent loosing a job, a accident happening etc. And I think the huge success of these books speaks volumes. So, I'll just be enjoying reading them in the following couple of weeks, not reviewing or evaluating them.
I will be copy-pasting this for every Goosebumps novel I'll be reading.On a whim, I decided to read all of the Goosebumps books. Some of them I've read before but, for the most part, I haven't. I won't be giving any stars; this doesn't mean anything about my actual opinion for the books, it only means that I don't think I can realistically, objectively rank 62 books which are not even meant for my age. I did enjoy the ones I read as a child and I am enjoying the ones I'm reading now, so that's what matters, I believe. Yes, there are some repetitive patterns and, yes, the endings are sometimes silly and, yes, R.L. Stine may not be the best of writers. Still, I feel like I have to commend him for two things in particular: first, for bringing the horror genre early on into our lives and, second, for subtly dealing with important family issues, such as moving away, a parent loosing a job, a accident happening etc. And I think the huge success of these books speaks volumes. So, I'll just be enjoying reading them in the following couple of weeks, not reviewing or evaluating them.
Some people have said this series is Cassandra Clare's most sofisticated work yet and I do agree with that. The characters are more real, more human, more deeply flawed and the plots and subplots feel somehow truer and hit closer to heart. I think sometimes we focus too much on all the things that young adult literature gets wrong and we forget to admire all the things it gets right. Having autistic, gay and transgender characters, having a prejudiced group and a plot the core of which is how hate begets more hate is really important. Cassandra Clare's work has often been compared to Harry Potter - though it doesn't resemble it in most significant ways. I would say it's closer to White Wolf's World of Darkness than to anything else, but the Shadowhunters' world is a living, breathing organism by itself, actually. But the Dark Artifices does remind me a bit of Harry Potter and I mean this as a huge compliment. If I had teenage kids, I'd really like them to read this and learn from it. Is it flawed? Well, probably. Do I care? No, not really. Julian is my favourite Cassandra Clare male character yet, favourite even than Magnus Bane, who has held this place in my heart forever, and that's sayig something. And, ironically, he reminds me a lot of a Julian of my own. Anyway, Lord of Shadows was a very satisfying read, better than Lady Midnight, and this series is becoming, I believe, Cassandra Clare's best and most mature work.
Up until now, I'd only read King's books translated in Greek and reading "The Gunslinger" now in English, I realized what a huge mistake that had been. I loved the prose and the dream-like narrative of endless days in the desert and long nights in the mountains. The flashbacks were brilliant and the characters were three-dimensional and very interesting. So why am I only giving three stars? Well, I think the reason for that is I kept having the feeling I was reading the end of a story rather than its beginning. Tidbits about the world's mythos are dropped here and there without really being explained, making the reader feel like they're missing out on something; almost as if they're reading the last chapter of a book without having any idea of all that happened before. Overall, though, I really loved it and will be continuing with the series.
I liked the world, the plot twists and some of the characters, but the pacing was uneven and the writing a bit simplistic for my taste. An enjoyable read but I'm not really in a rush to read the remaining two books of the series.
Rose is a terrible person. She's a smartass and a bitch with absolutely no concern for anyone outside her own little world of two - becoming a world of four by the end of the novel to include Dimitri and Christian. She manipulates and uses the only person in the school who treats her well and she has an obsession with Lissa bordering on deranged. I mean, seriously, what she did to Christian was horrible and, not to mention, none of her business. How dare she decide how Lissa should live her life? There's also a lot of slut-shaming going on with Rose and her objectification of male characters is irritating. She seems to only like guys based on their hotness and nothing more. Lissa is a much more interesting character and her relationship with Christian was much more realistic. I liked her storyline better and her personality is sweet and likeable. She's a tragic character trying to overcome great difficulties and struggling with intense psychological issues; she's going through hell and doesn't whine once, contrary to Rose who keeps complaining about the most trivial of things. Christian was also more interesting than Dimitri, he had a certain snark and fire that I liked a lot. Dimitri is the typical hot, dark and brooding dude that has to exist in every single YA novel. Plus, he participates in the slut-shaming, so that doesn't make him all that likeable. The fact the Rose feels like she needs his approval and even changes the way she dresses because of that made me despise her even more. Last but not least, I found the book terribly predictable. I knew who the antagonist was from the beginning, I knew why and I knew how. So no surprises at all when the supposed "twist" near the end happened. There were a couple of plot holes as well - like the stuff about spirit being the fifth element which EVERYONE in the real world knows but apparently not the Moroi. Or like why the necklace didn't work immediately when Rose put it on. Overall, I'd say it Vampire Academy is a mostly ok book for a light read, but nothing more or less than that.
Still loving this series. As of now, I've read half the published books in 13 days and I'm still going strong. Excellent urban fantasy, some of the very best I've read.
I must say, I never thought I would enjoy Beat poetry as much as I did. This is a great collection of poems, the editor did a fantastic job; every poem is a wound and a scream, raw and powerful. I generally lean more towards the Romantics, but the Beats managed to enchant me in a completely different way. And this is a great edition as well; the paper is of good quality, there are no editing mistakes and the presentation is simple but beautiful. All in all, an excellent read and a unique experience.
I got this from Amazon for free and found it rather good as far as supernatural YA novels go. Having a misunderstood outcast who doesn't wish to fit in or be a popular kid, it struck a chord with me. The characters are believable and you can like or dislike them appropriately. The story is quite linear, but that's alright I guess. There are some snarky remarks and some humour which I'd like the author to keep up in future books, though the dialogue was weak here and there. A nice read, however.
You know the story. Or... do you? This is such a brilliant little book. I love Philip Pullman and I love how he's willing to go places other fantasy authors are not. It's a re-telling of the life of Jesus - obviously - but one you haven't read before, narrated with fine, elegant humour. Most importantly, this is a book about stories, myths and legends. And history. How is a story created, what are the elements of it, what survives and why.
There are some heavy influences by both Buffy and Supernatural here, but the book reads amazingly and surprisingly well. I really enjoyed it and the gruesome details were unexpected in a novel under the Young Adult label.
It's hard, I think, to rate a book like that. It's not a work of fiction, there are no objective rules by which to judge it and, therefore, it's not something that you can grade. It is, however, a fascinating read which entwines psychology and philosophy with the occult. And it's quite an easy read at that; not pretentious at all and written in such a manner that pretty much anyone will be able to just pick it up and understand it and be able to practice the technices menioned therein.
I started off really liking this book. Really. Hannah's voice was fresh and sarcastic; just the thing for me. But then, as the story evolved, I got to the point of disliking her. In the beginning, you get her, she's very likeable and she makes sense. And then all sense stops. ************MAJOR SPOILERS FOLLOWING****************Seriously Hannah? You watched a girl being raped, right next to you. You know the truth behind a car accident. You say nothing. You kill yourself. And, then, prompt those you think responsible to listen to you, knowing they'll keep their mouths shut in order to save their own asses. So, basically, you condemned this girl and the dead guy's family to not get any justice, only because you wanted people to learn that the rumors about you weren't true. Bravo! And you made the guy you liked (and who liked you back) listen to them as well, even though he did nothing wrong, guilt-tripping him into oblivion. I'm sorry, Hannah, but in the end you're just as selfish as everyone you accuse. Until the party, you had my sympathy. You were the victim. Then, the party came along and you ruined every chance you had to make me understand why you did it. You go on and on about how the smallest things affect our lives and create a snowball effect. Newsflash, sweetheart. Having your support notes stolen sucks, I feel for you. Having people gossip about you? Awful, I know. But rape is a crime and your excuse for standing there, doing nothing, is what, exactly? That you were sad? Not enough.******************************************************In the end, I guess I was expecting for some consistency. The writer uses the "unreliable narrator" card by telling us how Hannah's story has gaps because she chose to focus on 13 stories only but it doesn't save the day.
This was so much fun! It's sort of Harry Potter meets Mage:the Ascension meets Terry Pratchett. Very meta, very sarcastic, beautifully written, it takes place in a world similar to our own but not quite and it breaks pretty much every rule of storytelling ever. Plus, there are (naturally) evil librarians and talking dinosaurs. And sharks and altars made of expired encyclopedias. What can I say, I loved it.
You can't be an urban fantasy loving geek and not appreciate this book. Despite some problems common to most self-published books (i.e. the lack of editing), I did enjoy it quite a lot and my heart warmed at a female protagonist who was so relatable to me and realistic in her reactions. The plot was good, the secondary characters and mythology were interesting and I'll definitely be reading more of Annie Bellett's twenty-sided sorceress in the near future.
I had my eye on this for a while but decided to read it after I watched the trailer for the upcoming movie "Seventh Son" and saw that it was based on Mr Delaney's series. Naturally, it had absolutely nothing to do with that trailer and I mean that in a good way, though I must admit the movie looks promising -just not "Wardstone Chronicles". Anyway, I liked the characters and the horror element ,which I always appreciate in YA books, very much. Apparently, this is supposedly considered children's literature instead of YA, but I'm not sure it is truly appropriate reading for younger children. There seems to be a larger plot tying all of the books together, which is also a good thing. It's fast-paced and well-written and I couldn't put it down.
I find it very interesting that I liked the spin-off so much more than the original series (Bannon & Clare) and I think part of it is due to the soft spot I have for anything Western and part of it is because it actually was a better book. The character's were interesting and likeable, the mythology clearly fleshed out and the plot was character-heavy and very well crafted. Though a spin-off, it didn't read as such and I must say I found it far more entertaining and far less hurried than the "Iron Wyrm Affair". I think Lilith Saintcrow did an amazing job with this and I hope we get to see more books with Jack Gabriel and Catherine Burrowe-Browne.
This was truly excellent work. The premise was genious - a superhero in witness protection program - but Zack's point of view was also very interesting. It made absolute sense that people with superpowers would think of mere humans and their world in this way. There's only one thing I disliked and that was the names, which seemed hilarious most of the time and kept giving me the feeling that I was reading a parody when I wasn't.
Here's what I found particularly refreshing about this book: the lead character is not a hunter of some sort, she is instead trying to protect the things that go bump in the night because their existence is valuable to the ecosystem. This is a very interesting idea which we don't see enough of in urban fantasy. We see exorcists, hunters, necromancers and witches but not nearly enough cryptozoologists. Another thing I loved - but then, again, I really like McGuire's characterization in general - is how well fleshed-out Verity is as a character. She had an interesting upbringing, she is a professional ballroom dancer and cryptozoologist, she's tough and witty, but also protective and considerate. She's not just one thing, she's not even a "strong female character", she is simply a well-writen one. Dominic is also an interesting romantic interest and sort-of-antagonist, because he starts out one way and evolves from page to page without changing completely (even though he does change drastically). He acknowledges his mistakes and learns from them. The extened family is great as well, but the most brilliant thing in this whole novel is the colony of religious talking mice. Brilliant. Just brilliant.
I will be copy-pasting this for every Goosebumps novel I'll be reading. On a whim, I decided to read all of the Goosebumps books. Some of them I've read before but, for the most part, I haven't. I won't be giving any stars; this doesn't mean anything about my actual opinion for the books, it only means that I don't think I can realistically, objectively rank 62 books which are not even meant for my age. I did enjoy the ones I read as a child and I am enjoying the ones I'm reading now, so that's what matters, I believe. Yes, there are some repetitive patterns and, yes, the endings are sometimes silly and, yes, R.L. Stine may not be the best of writers. Still, I feel like I have to commend him for two things in particular: first, for bringing the horror genre early on into our lives and, second, for subtly dealing with important family issues, such as moving away, a parent loosing a job, a accident happening etc. And I think the huge success of these books speaks volumes. So, I'll just be enjoying reading them in the following couple of weeks, not reviewing or evaluating them.
This was exactly the kind of light, funny read I needed at the moment. I love Christa Faust's work generally and this one didn't disappoint me at all. Interesting plot, interesting characters, steamy sex scenes and well-written dialogue. It was almost like watching a "Femme Fatales" episode (no pun intended), which I can only describe as a good thing since I'm addicted to the series.
This one was even better than the first book, we learned a couple of things about Jade's past and the plot was surprisingly good, with a couple of interesting twists. What I didn't like was the repetition of information we already know at the beginning of the book (I've noticed that's something many writers do when they write series of books, but it's really not nessecary and it gets a bit tiring. Plus, William and Buttercup sounds a lot like Westley and Buttercup, I was expecting that Princess Bride pun to come but it never did. Anyway, a fun and very enjoyable read for gamers who love their urban fantasy.
This is absolutely FANTASTIC! I laughed, I loved the characters and plot, I want to read more of it ASAP and, basically... yeah, I loved it. Here's the bottom line: if you like fantasy, if you are a roleplayer, you're going to like this. Read it.
This is a re-read, actually; I' ve read this book several times in the past but always in Greek, up until now. I must say, I hadn't realized what a great job the greek translator had done until I read the english version of the novel. It's a good book, with interesting characters, a well-crafted plot and very intricate background politics but it does read like a first book. Some things are repeated time and again and at a couple of instances it seems almost as if the writer has run out of words in his vocabulary. But it's a good medieval mystery and I do love sister Fidelma's stories.
I am a hardcore Stjepan Sejic fan and I've read his own stories of creating alongside his wife, so I definitely wanted to check her out as well. I must say I did finde her art very similar to his, though more raw, but it was fine and her narrative clearly drew from personal experience. I would have liked this first volume to be thicker and establish more of the characters, but it was enjoyable and relatable. I will keep reading and I hope Linda Sejic delivers on this promise of creepy comedy and slice of life.
I love Jack Ketchum's horror profoundly; I think, in fact, he's probably one of my favourite contemporary horror writers. I do believe, though, that the novel is the form that better suits him and compliments his uncanny talent for emotional terror and, to that respect, Right to Life lacks the raw power of The Girl Next Door or Off Season. It is, however, a satisfying short read that leaves you hungry for more.
This book is kind of brilliant. A dystopian scenery, struggling for food, flesh-eating "monsters", agnostic angels, evil angels, an apocalypse of sorts, angel politics and a resistance against said evil angels make "Angelfall" amazing. What makes it perfect, though, are the heroes: a tough girl whose paranoid schizophrenic mother made her take self-defence classes afraid that she (or the demons she kept seeing) might hurt her and whose crippled little sister has been kidnapped by angels AND an angel whose wings have been cut. Penryn is a strong, mature female character concerned with her family's survival instead of being obsessed with clothes and romance. Raffe is a strong, quiet male character whom, most of the times, we can't understand. He's funny and tender and loyal, as is Penryn. Yes, there is romance, but it's not even important. So many other things keep happening that our two protagonists never actually have much time to think about their feelings. Therefore, if anyone tells you this is "Twilight", only with angels, DO NOT believe it! And the ending...the ending is heartbreaking and shocking -not happy at all- and it makes you eager for the second book. All in all, an excellent novel.
The only other Brubaker comic I've read is "Fatale", which I love, but I didn't like "The Man Who Laughs" as much as his work in that series. I guess my main problem with this story was that it really didn't offer much in terms of plot; basically, it just confirms what "The Killing Joke" has told us of Joker's origin and shows Joker being...well, himself. It's a well-written Batman story, no argument there, and artwork is good as well, but it lacks something to really take it over the top.
I've seen this going around and I've heard really good things from a couple of friends, but I must say I wasn't prepared for this. It's a phenomenal comic, the artwork is brilliant - if you're into European comics, especially, you'll love it - and the story and characters really good. I also loved the volume's title (Tin Stars). Overall, an amazing read that will be well worth your time if you like SF and comics.
Unexpectedly good book, with interesting heroes and mythology, radical format and beautifully crafted stories.
This book made me in equal parts sad and furious. It made me sad because Holly Black has offered us some truly amazing stories in the past and I'm a big fan of hers but I just know that, if "The Coldest Girl in Cold Town" had been my first encounter with her, I wouldn't have bothered to read any of her other books. And it makes me furious because there's a lot of things about this novel that I consider unacceptable, especially for a writer that is generally as great and original as Miss Black has been up until now. But let me explain. Brace yourselves, this is going to be long.The opening sequence is unbelievably good. It's amazing, seriously. It's all kinds of awesome. Tana wakes up after a wild party and finds that all her friends have been murdered by vampires. It's dark, it's gorey and it's grim; just like it's supposed to be. And then nothing happens. The remaining 400 pages are basically a road trip without any sort of plot. I must clarify at this point that I don't mean that the plot moves slowly or that the plot is character-driven. I mean that there is no plot to speak of. This is doubly disappointing since the premise and characters are very interesting and the dialogue is well-written. Still, nothing happens for 400 pages and I must admit that I struggled a lot to finish the book. Now moving to the infuriating part. I suppose that someone could consider Gavriel's origin story as an homage to Anne Rice's "Interview with the Vampire" but, personally, I didn't see enough originality in it to describe it as an homage rather than a rip-off. And, at least, Anne Rice's contribution is acknowledged by the author. How about the "Vampire: the Masquerade" influences (and there are many)? In any case, this was definitely not my favourite Holly Black novel.
Magic, folklore and science? Ok, I'm sold. Very interesting first volume, with a great premise, well-crafted characters and very decent artwork. I'll definitely keep reading.
I think The Unwritten is the best thing that Vertigo has published after The Sandman. There is not a single thing I do not love about this series; the amazing vision, the characters, the superb dialogue and storytelling, the artwork. Seriously, it's a majestic story and one every lover of fiction should read. This is about stories and storytellers and it gets to the core of human imagination. I was extremely surprised by the ending, will this be some (view spoiler)[ crossover with Fables, I wonder? That'd be amazing, though it would probably mean I should catch up with Fables (hide spoiler)].
A great idea which, at times, is also greatly executed while, at times, fails to deliver. Some stories are really well-written, whereas other stories are not very well fleshed out. Carra is probably my favourite character and my favourite story is Jude's. All in all, it's a good enough read - at times even amazing - but somewhat uneven.
This, I think, was the best Discworld novel I've read up till now. It's brilliant, it's heavily political and also brutally honest. I don't really have much else to say about it, other than this: it's excellent and a masterpiece of fantasy fiction.
I really, really like the premise of this novel and the delivery was, in fact, very good and quite different from any other fantasy book I've read. The world has more than a few traces of steampunk and it's not your typical pseudo-medieval setting. It reminded me of Robin Hobb's "Assassin's Apprentice" a little bit, just without all the main character's whining. In terms of plot and pace, I really enjoyed it and I think it works very well as a part of a series. Modesitt's style was also highly enjoyable and the first person narrative fitted the novel perfectly. Rhenn is an interesting character, intelligent, talented and practical, but he's still learning and he's definitely not without flaws. Some of the secondary characters are also very well-written, especially Rhenn's and Seliora's family and Master Dichartyn but the rest of them sort of bleed together after a while. And the other thing I spotted as negative was that a couple of chapters feel a little repetitive (conversation with Master Dichartyn, character's thoughts, homily). I didn't mind that much, though, because the chapters are really short, so the reader doesn't get bored easily. Overall, a really good, really original fantary novel and a good start for a series.
This novel was sort of amazing. First of all, the only other fantasy novel I've read based on medieval China has been "Under Heaven" by my very beloved Guy Gavriel Kay. I've always wondered why RPG based novels seem to always take place in a fantacised medieval Europe and completely ignore anything even remotely different or oriental. So, the setting was a welcomed surprise for me. Once more, Dave Gross surpassed himself by adding all these delightful, colorful details which made the world appear realistic and exciting. Jeggare and Radovan remain an amazing duo and the addition of Arnisant's narrative was absolutely brilliant. Both heroes had some intense psychological turmoils to deal with and the ending was appropriately heart-breaking. There were also a couple of twists that I hadn't seen coming and that last battle and the scene that followed were epic. An amazing novel, overall, and I can't wait to jump straight into "Queen of Thorns".
A fun, quick read featuring the Count B.R. (Before Radovan)in a sort of Allan Quatermain story. With dinosaurs! I liked this first glimpse of the Mwangi Expanse; it's been hinted that the Count is passionate about Mwangi culture and I hope maybe one of his future adventures with Radovan will take them there. If that'd ever be the case, I'd also like to see more of Amadi who stood out as an intriguing and joyful character - I bet he'd have some great pieces of dialogue with Radovan too. Kasiya makes a nice change from the cunning, cruel, intelligent foes that the boys usually deal with and this adds to the light, enjoyable feeling the story conveys. A good introduction to the Count's character for new readers and an original fantasy short-story set in a place very different from what fantasy readers are used to.
I thought "The Fireman" would be an interesting read ever since the synopsis got my eye, a couple of months back. Then, I started reading it and thought to myself this might be the best Joe Hill yet. I was right. It's a fantastic, heartbreaking, shocking novel about the cruelty of humans, the things we are willing to justify when we are afraid and, also, about community and togetherness and the nature of stories and how they shape the world.
More a fantastic tale of old, forgotten gods than a ghost story, more of a contemporary fantasy than a horror book, "Experimental Film" is nevertheless a great read, with an intricate mystery and well crafted characters. It takes place in the same universe as Gemma Files' "We will all go down together" and Carra Devize is even mentioned near the end. All in all, highly enjoyable.
I will be copy-pasting this for every Goosebumps novel I'll be reading. On a whim, I decided to read all of the Goosebumps books. Some of them I've read before but, for the most part, I haven't. I won't be giving any stars; this doesn't mean anything about my actual opinion for the books, it only means that I don't think I can realistically, objectively rank 62 books which are not even meant for my age. I did enjoy the ones I read as a child and I am enjoying the ones I'm reading now, so that's what matters, I believe. Yes, there are some repetitive patterns and, yes, the endings are sometimes silly and, yes, R.L. Stine may not be the best of writers. Still, I feel like I have to commend him for two things in particular: first, for bringing the horror genre early on into our lives and, second, for subtly dealing with important family issues, such as moving away, a parent loosing a job, a accident happening etc. And I think the huge success of these books speaks volumes. So, I'll just be enjoying reading them in the following couple of weeks, not reviewing or evaluating them.
So... I am devastated to be writing this, but I didn't like the new HP release much. Part of it, undoubtedly is due to the fact that J.K.Rowling is not the writer. However, my main issues are the plot and characterization of, pretty much, everyone. It is always a risk to do stories with time travel and, in this case, it simply fails to deliver.
7 down, 2 to go. Amazing volume.
I've always been more into Poe and Bierce than Lovecraft, so reading all about his fascination with "The Willows" I wasn't really sure whether I actually wanted to read the story or not. Having finished it now, I can not but humbly bow to Blackwood's masterful craftmanship. This is a powerful horror story, it enters your soul and creeps inside you, it stays with you forever. It's mystical and gothic in the truest meaning of the word, it overpowers you with the oppressing, horrific, yet beautiful scenery and the abstract terror experienced by the two heroes. I stand in awe.
I must say I really (really) enjoyed this third book in the series a lot and it's probably my favourite Finishing School novel so far. It has this effortless humour that the Parasol Protectorate series had as well as a bunch of action, adventure and politics.
I never get bored of saying it: this is my favourite ongoing series (ever since the main arc of "The Unwritten" finished, at least). This volume introduces a new story arc, that of the Great Darkness, and digs into the past of some of the other gods, as well as their perspectives (nicely summed up as fight, study and anarchy). Persephone remains an enigma, Baal tries to keep a united front, Sakhmet is being a cat, basically, and in the aftermath of Ananke's death the remains of the Pantheon just stumble around in the dark. I appreciated the surprising turn of events with Morrigan being the abuser and Baphomet being the abused, it's not something we see nearly enough. Overall, great volume, great pace, phenomenal artwork.
A very interesting premise that delivers massively: TV tropes, teleshamans, voodoo queens dancing to Top of the Pops, loa and spectral musicians come together in this colourful, noir story (yes, I know, it's ironic). The only thing is, it did feel like the story ended so I don't know how it will go on in future volumes. In any case, excellent read.
First of all, let me say that I love these Everyman Library Pocket poetry books. I've read and loved the"Beat Poets" (which was fantastic), the "Rilke" and the "Bronte" ones and, in general, I liked all of them. This particular collection, though, is edited in a manner that didn't let me enjoy it as much as I wanted to. The various poems of this anthology are divided thematically (i.e. the corporeal undead, the incorporeal undead and so on) rather than chronologically. As a result, the reader will find himself reading romantic poetry in one page and beatnik in the next, alongside with egyptian tablets and psalms. Furthermore, even though I cannot speak for the rest of the translations, the Baudelaire ones, at least, were awful. There are fantastic Baudelaire translations in English that manage to convey the meaning without loosing the form (Jacques Leclercq's are some of the very best); the ones in this book are seriously lacking. Overall, not my favourite poetry collection, though there are some really good poems in there.
Though this was not as mindblowing as the "Prophet", I really enjoyed reading it and I did think it was a great book.
A wonderfully written book about all the important things in life, if a bit repetitive at times.
I'm a huge Abney Park fan and have wanted to read this for some time now, thinking it would add to the band's background. And it did. However, it definitely had its faults. For starters, the dialogue was weak and the character development a bit flat, especially during the first part of the story (Book I). The second part was much improved and the plot picked up and got me engaged. Unfortunately, the kindle edition of the book had lots of typos and mistakes which was disappointing. Overall, it was an ok first book for Captain Robert which shows potential.
Brilliant! Absolutely brilliant and one of the most beautiful and well-done editions I've read in a long while. I seldom read children's literature but, when I do, I like to read the sort that do not consider young readers stupid. "Goth Girl" is definitely among those and I adored every wonderful, funny page of it and every candy-goth illustration.
OMG this is so lovely and funny and cute!
I love Chris Riddell, I love little Ada Goth and her friends and I love children's books meant for smart children. Once again, the appearance of this book is amazing and I think this and the first Goth Girl book are probably some of the most beautiful books I own. All in all, it was great, I enjoyed it and read it all in one sit.
It was ok, I suppose, but a bit disappointing after Sourcery (which was great). It was enjoyable, but just not up to usual Pratchett standards.
This was truly an amazing book; I feel like buying a dozen copies and giving them to each and every one of my friends. I think that's the highest form of compliment coming from a voracious and perhaps a little jaded reader. But truly, it was superb and, for the moment, that's all I can tell about it. Don't read my review, go read this great novel instead.
Overall, it was a good book with some downright terrifying moments. However, I did find two things truly distasteful: a) everyone is obsessed with sex. And I mean. Everyone. Seriously. A book about vampires obviously needs to be erotic on one level or another but Ray Garton is overdoing it here. b) despite all the sex, there seems to be a preoccupation with sin: the goodie good character goes to a peep show for the first time, it ends up bad (etc. but I don't want to spoil it for anyone). There were some truly scary parts and I liked the writing and plot, but, there are some flaws the just can't be overlooked.
I'm going to put it this way. This is THE BEST urban fantasy novel I've read in a very long while. Great plot, great mythos (it does remind me a lot of Changeling:the Dreaming but that's only natural, I suppose), great characters, very entertaining, but also very dark at times. Overall, great read and I started the second in the series right after I finished this one.
I'm a huge fan of Parasol Protectorate and solemnly swore to myself that I would be following Gail Carriger's future works. Etiquette & Espionage was a really goood book and I think younger readers -especially female- will find it enjoyable. I did find it so myself,I must admit. However, it was a bit predictable and lacked many of the comedic elements of Parasol Protectorate, though I will definitely be reading the following books.
The final volume wraps everything together and offers an excellent, tragic conclusion to a masterfully crafted noir story full of anti-heroes and well built characters. The only bad thing I have to say about this comic is that I'm sad I finished reading it so quickly.
I struggle to find words that will express my feelings towards this book. Quite simply put, it is a masterpiece. I love Bradbury's work and has read quite a lot of it as well, but I do believe the "Martian Chronicles" to be his best oeuvre.
I think that Gail Carriger is one of my favourite writers and I really enjoyed Prudence. I liked the plot, the new characters and all of the interesting debate on colonialism near the end. Seeing another country's supernatural culture was truly great and fascinating. The humour levels were high and the only thing, I believe, that I didn't like was that the novel was VERY focused on clothing and food. Other than that, though, it's a highly enjoyable read.
A nice retelling of Snow White but, in the end, I guess it didn't really stand out all that much for me. I actually liked Lilith as a character but Snow White didn't move me all that much and the prince was decidedly creepy. The ending with the mouse and crone wasn't really necessary; unless Hansel and Gretel is going to be the next in this series. Anyway, an entertaining enough read, just quite forgettable, I guess.
I loved these books when I was young, I used to read them over and over again. I'm sure part of my fascination with vampires as an adult comes from Sommer-Bodenburg's "Little Vampire". Anton is a 9-year old boy who likes horror stories and befriends Rudiger, a vampire who looks about his age. His parents don't believe in vampires and are skeptical about his new friend, while Rudiger's sister, Anna, joins the boys in their adventures. Reading this so many years later, I was not disappointed at all. I still found it wonderful, funny, charming and quite unique in its premise.
I always had a thing for Carroll, ever since I read Adventures in Wonderland for the first time in translation. Reading them after all these years again was a great and satisfying endeavor.
I adore everything about this series: the artwork, the plot, the swashbuckling, the adventure, the passion and intrigue...I can't find anything wrong with it, it's as simple as that.
Short version: loved it, it was brilliant. Long version will follow soon; stay tuned.
First, allow me once more to say how thoroughly I enjoy these books. I am a geek through and through, my friends are geeks, even some of my favourite writers, actors and directors are geeks. Moving on to the novel itself, I didn't find it as good as Celebromancy, partly because it felt rushed. This could have easily been a trilogy of novellas; instead, we got all this plot - which could have been great if complimented with really interesting and deep antagonists - crammed into one single novel. And, frankly, the Stregas didn't really feel like actual characters most of the time. I get that they were pawns in a bigger game but, still, some flavour would have helped. That said, I admit I was expecting the revelation about Atropos but I did like the ending, as well as the idea of the Wild Wild Web and the Cowboys etc. The growing romance between Ree and Drake was great as well, the two of them have really good chemistry. And I literally squeed in joy when Abney Park were mentioned. Now, all that remains is a mention in the next novel of the cult RPG classics, The Gamers and The Gamers: Dorkness Rising and I shall die a happy geek.
It was ok, I guess, but it feels a little dated and I did miss the Huntress.
I think this one was the best book in the series so far; the plot was great and the new characters were interesting if barely developped. But I did feel like it got really lazy near the ending and for the life of me I can't understand how Jade understood the plan, her reasoning was flimsy at best. In the end, I believe these books would benefit from getting about a 100 extra pages each. Then they could be really amazing. As they are, though, they're tons of fun.
My, this was really bad. I love Anne Rice, but I can't begin to imagine what she was thinking putting her name on this novella. I'll begin by saying that the whole thing reads like an amateurish background story for a roleplaying game character. Very linear, very straightforward, very business-like, nothing like literature. The second major disappointment is the protagonist. Not only do I hate her name -reading all this stuff about names in the introduction I would have expected something better, I hate her as well. She comes off as a whiner - sob sob, I am so smart, sob sob, I am misunderstood, sob sob, I have a photographic memory, sob sob, I have perfect pitch, sob sob - and completely self-absorbed. Ok, she's 17, I'll give her that, but still, the fact that she CONSTANTLY feels the need to remind the reader of her photographic memory and perfect pitch etc really got to my nerves. Last but not least, there's no plot. Absolutely none. Nothing. Nada. It's basically a story telling us "I was born, I was raised, I became a vampire". Since we already know the last part from the very beginning of the story, the novella is completely uneventful and holds no surprises and no interest for the reader. It's basically the CV of a 17-year-old vampire brat with a superiority complex.
More or less, I had the same issues with Carpe Jugulum as with Lords and Ladies: one of the plot lines could be completely missing and the book would be better for it. It was fun and entertaining as always, it starts great and ends great, but somewhere in the middle it becomes somewhat tiring.
This second volume of Alias was even better than the first, with an interesting story and a great premise. Jessica remains the damaged character we met in the initial volume of the series and here she finds herself in a prejudiced environment where she's unwelcomed, looking for a young girl, possibly mutant, who mysteriously disappeared. The family and small town dynamics are pictured in grim colors as Jessica tries to do her job and solve the case.
"Exquisite Corpse" was probably the sickest, most disturbing, most disgusting, most gorey book I ever read. Yet, Brite's masterful writing and amazing characters fascinated me beyond belief. The futility of the story manages to draw you in; you know exactly where it's heading and still can't stop reading. I find this to be a great accomplishment for any writer and though it takes a very special sort of reader to enjoy and appreciate this book, it also takes a very unique sort of writer to write it, I believe.
I admit I'm usually skeptical concerning fan fiction, but Mr. Lippert's work was a very pleasant surprise. All of the old characters are there, along with new ones, some among which are very interesting. Technomancy was a great subject and Jakson an intriguing figure. The Merlin plot and the Muggle sneaking around Hogwarts offered some really good moments. However, there are a few things that disappointed me, so bear with me as I explain:1. I was surprised to see Harry portrayed as the lonely hero who never asked for help. Really? In the "Philosopher's Stone", the trio goes to McGonagall with their suspicions of someone trying to steal the stone and are dismissed. Then, again, in the "Chamber of Secrets", Harry and Ron go to Lockhart with their information only to find out that he's a fraud. Let's not mention the "Prisoner of Azkaban" or the "Order of the Phoenix", when everyone keeps things from Harry. He asked Lupin for help to learn how to fight the Dementors and he asked for Fred and George's help to create a diversion etc etc. And Ron and Hermione were other people and Harry asked for their help all the time. I guess I just happen to disagree with the author on that. 2. The fact that students of all ages were taught the exact same things and that first years had the same courses as fifth years. Plus, the whole Staff before wands issue - Ollivanders has been around since 382 B.C.! I wouldn't mind if these details were not mentioned in the "Harry Potter" books, but since they are, why change them? 3. I was also surprised with the sudden bursts of stupidity on the part of the main characters. For example, they're talking endlessly about a big upcoming event and don't realize till the end that it's the alignment of the planets. Or the fact that Harry would have told his eleven-year-old son about Voldemort murdering Cedric Diggory at the Triwizard Tournament but not about how he summoned his broomstick with it and thus defeated a dragon (a story far better suited for children I might add)! 4. I was not convinced with the explanation concerning how the Merlin Staff got into Hogwarts. If they got both the Throne and the Robe in, why did the Staff need to enter another way? It just doesn't make much sense and the ending just complicates things. 4. The ending felt a little too rush, almost as if the author got tired with the story after a while.
I will be copy-pasting this for every Goosebumps novel I'll be reading.On a whim, I decided to read all of the Goosebumps books. Some of them I've read before but, for the most part, I haven't. I won't be giving any stars; this doesn't mean anything about my actual opinion for the books, it only means that I don't think I can realistically, objectively rank 62 books which are not even meant for my age. I did enjoy the ones I read as a child and I am enjoying the ones I'm reading now, so that's what matters, I believe. Yes, there are some repetitive patterns and, yes, the endings are sometimes silly and, yes, R.L. Stine may not be the best of writers. Still, I feel like I have to commend him for two things in particular: first, for bringing the horror genre early on into our lives and, second, for subtly dealing with important family issues, such as moving away, a parent loosing a job, a accident happening etc. And I think the huge success of these books speaks volumes. So, I'll just be enjoying reading them in the following couple of weeks, not reviewing or evaluating them.
More like a 3.5 but closer to a 3 than a 4, I think. A really enjoyable read.
A great ending for a great series. It was bittersweet, but very fitting to see Nick and Jo's story end in this manner. There are many questions but, oddly, this doesn't bother me much. Overall, a really good series that fans of Lovecraft and noir fiction will definitely enjoy.
An early adventure of Radovan and the Count, narrated in the present tense by Radovan alone. Seeing the boys in their hometown was interesting because, in the novels, we keep reading about Egorian and Cheliax and how the rest of the world perceives the devil-worshipping nation but we don't really get to see why they make all the fuss. "Hell's Pawns" offers us that, along with details of Radovan's past and his first meeting with the Count. It's also interesting to look at their early relationship and consider how much it has actually evolved throughout their adventures; here, Radovan calls the Count by his surname and their relationship is more professional, something that changes from one story to the next. The plot was really good but I'd have given it 3 stars if it weren't for the last chapter which managed to elevate this novella to another level. Simply put, that last chapter was amazing, very emotionally powerful - I think it was one of the most emotional moments of the series so far, along with the ending of "Master of Devils" - and it gave the whole story a different meaning. The descriptions of Cheliax were great and I particularly liked the story about the black and red roses and the Egorian architecture. I'd say this was a very entertaining read with an unexpected, poweful ending; overall, a great adventure starring the boys.
I must start by saying that I loved the concept of a play turning to reality -any roleplayer would. The story is very interesting and promising and I guess the second and third books will probably better since they supposedly deal with the war and Randolph etc. I can't say I particularly liked Pamela Dean's characters, I found most of them infuriating. But then again they are only children, so I suppose that makes sense in a way. Another thing that I disliked was how somethings are or happen and we are given no explanation (and the characters themselves don't seem to wonder, either). A good book overall, but I believe I'd have enjoyed it more if I'd read it when younger.
After all this time?Always.
I loooooove, love, love Skottie Young and I love "I Hate Fairyland". This 3rd volume is probably my favourite so far, due to all the meta elements. Amazing artwork, as always, very funny and enjoyable - again, as always.
This one was excellent, really. What I like about this series is how much better it becomes with each new installment. This time around, the Genrenauts visit Crime World and they have to mend a breach there. King and Leah work together and, for the most part, we just see the two of them and learn some interesting things about King's past. There's also the lingering romance between Leah and Mallery, but this one's really more about King - which is good, because we slowly get to know the characters and have moved past the initial two episodes' akward attempt at characterization, which was mostly: "she's bi and chinese, she's gay, he's black, she's trans and middle-eastern, she's disabled and indian". Now that we really get to see the characters as personalities and not as diversity points, I enjoy the adventures more and I think this premise would make an excellent TV series.
"Red rain" started really promising and, initially, I couldn't understand what all the bad reviews were ranting about. But then, as the story moved forward, it became apparent that Mr. Stine wasn't really able to write anything for adults. As is the case with so many things in this book, the twins started off as very interesting villains. Although what was going on with them was rather obvious from the beginning, I wasn't bothered by that. However, their supposed agenda as well as their powers didn't convince me. ***********SPOILER ALERT****************Alright, alright. I'll bite. If the twins could simply make everyone do whatever they wanted, why did they bother to frame Mark not for one but for three murders, instead of dominating him into oblivion? Didn't make any sense. Who was Ikey? After the hurricane in 1935, who called the priest to revive the twins? Why didn't the cops shoot the boys when they started burning stuff around the school and it became apparent that they were dangerous? How exactly did Axl end up with Samuel's power? Where's the consistency in Sammy's character? Isn't he supposed to be the good, peaceful twin at the beginning of the book? ***********END SPOILER******************There were some good moments and the beginning was actually pretty strong, which is why I'm giving it 2 stars, though for the most part I was truly disappointed. I used to love R.L. Stine's book for children when I was younger and I think it was great that someone would become so hugely popular around the world writing horror stories for kids. The thing is, an adult audience is much more demanding and if I attempted reading "Goosebumps" at this age I would probably consider them silly and not at all frightening. "Red rain" is not a book for adults, no matter what they say. It's a "Goosebumps" book, narrated through the point of view of adults. Take out the sex scenes and cussing and you could easily sell this to younger readers. Unfortunately, I'm not at and age where such a book would have been enjoyable and frightening any more.
An excellent and hilarious read, with amazing characters, great humour and a very good plot with some unexpected turns.
I really love this series and I think it's probably among the best YA ones ever written. Seanan McGuire is truly a magician -apart from being a brilliant storyteller.
An amazing volume, a likeable main character (Jake, whom we've seen before in Lawless) and a really great plot. Iris was such an interesting and damaged femme fatale, but her motive could have been more solid; that's the one thing I can think could've been done better in this volume. Nevertheless, it was brilliant and excellently executed.
Words are not enough to try and describe this masterpiece. All I will say is this: mind = blown.
I'm not that surpised that I liked this one; I love Christa Faust's work and, if anyone could write a noir story set in a peep show place, that'd be her. The story seems really interesting, the characters do to and, all in all, I'm hoping the remaining issues will be as good as this one.
Now, here's the thing with "Morning Glories". I've no idea where the story is going and some times I don't even understand what's happening. Yet, I love it. I love the characters and the plot and the sense that it's heading somewhere unexpected. It might be great or it might be horrible, but it won't be expected.
is it any good?
Have I mentioned how much I love Johannes Cabal? I think I have. Anyway, this was a smart, funny, great short story and I enjoyed it immensely. The ending was great but, again, I can't help but wanting more when I'm reading these short adventures.
Though I did enjoy learning about Jessica's past, I also got the feeling that everything in this volume was executed way too fast.I liked her origin story, but it seemed like the condensed version of a much larger story.
Ok, so, during the first 300 pages or so of Fury's Kiss, I was exasperated with Dorina's stupidity and Claire's overall assholeness. But then...then the plot smacked me down and it was so damn good that I just couldn't leave the book from my hands. I don't mean that there's no plot for the first half of the book, of course, just that things start to really clear up after that - which is quite legit in an urban fantasy/supernatural mystery sort of story. I also LOVED Mircea in this book. I haven't yet read the Cassie Palmer series, where I take it he plays a bigger part, but he really shines as a character in Fury's Kiss and you really get an insight to how his brain works. I'd like to see more of Zheng-Zi in the future -perhaps a standalone novella?- as he seems like such an interesting character. And I really liked the relationship between Ray and Dorina and how it kinda works because they're both considered screwups by everyone else but, in reality, they're really brave and smart and willing to do things that people more powerful than them are not. One thing that would make it better if it was missing, though, was the Irin plot, I think. I'm quite certain it would make a great novel by itself and would have liked to see that. As it was, I think it was underused as a plot and didn't really have the impact it should have had. Overall,though, I think it was the best book in the series so far and I can't wait for the next one.
I am simply in love with this series. If you like Changeling: the Dreaming at all, you are probably going to adore these novels.
I absolutely adore Magnus Bane. He's my favourite Cassandra Clare character and I was positevely ecstatic to find out that his adventures would be coming out as e-books. "What Really Happened in Peru" is fun -even hilarious, at times- but it felt like the author was struggling and trying too hard. I understand that these novellas have been written by different authors based on Clare's character, but not Cassandra Clare herself. The downside of that being, of course, that none can ever know your characters better than yourself. An enjoyable read, but I would much prefer Cassandra Clare to write a novel or a new trilogy on Magnus Bane.
A great volume, filled with revelations, swashbuckling adventure and cheesy dialogue. The art was marvelous as ever and the plot remains top-notch -something I'd really like to see turned into a TV series at some point.
De Carabas is one of my favourite Neil Gaiman characters and this short story brought back memories of Neverwhere and the Marquis. It was funny, it had twists, it was amazingly written and sprinkled with awesome. And yes, I am a fangirl.
I loved this novel. It does have the flaws particular to first novels, but I loved it, I couldn't help it.
Alright, that's what I'm talking about! This was fantastic and I was pleased to see this excellent premise finally deliver. We get some solid character development here, we get a fun and interesting plot, we get some questions of ethics as well; overall a highly enjoyable read.
I really liked this novella by the King boys, it was scary, claustrophobic and all the while I was holding my breath. The writing flows very well and if I didn't know it was actually written by two people, I don't think I would have ever thought. I liked the fact that they didn't try to enter into explanations and just focused on the almost primitive fear of the story. I'd definitely like to see them work together in a book in the future.
Not much to say, really, I'm loving this one. Ed Brubaker has such a unique voice for noir and pulp fiction that I'd like to see him write novels at some point. I'd definitely be buying them.
Another fantastic installment in the series. Moving on to "A Rose Red Chain".
A great novella, straight out from Hammer Horror films and "The Bride of Frankenstein". Like the first installment in the "Wayward Children" series, this one is also about identity, sexual awakening and how we define ourselves. It also takes a long and hard look at parenting and unrealistic parental expectations. I usually don't like omniscient narrators, but this one I actually loved and found quite funny. In short, this is a great series, stop reading this review and go read the books instead.
"Moon Called" was recommended to me by a friend with the promise that it would be an enjoyable, solid urban fantasy novel and I must admit that the book delivers exactly that. It's not the best urban fantasy I've ever read and it's neither exceptionally complex nor exceptionally deep. The characters are not exceptionally damaged and the mythology is not exceptionally unique. But it's fast paced, it's believable and the plot is actually engaging. If I could say there is a weak point about "Moon Called", that would be Mercy Thompson. Don't get me wrong, she doesn't have any of the flaws that usually tick me off in female urban fantasy characters. But she's not overly interesting either. She's basically your average girl next door, with a supernatural twist and an urge to do good, save people, fight the good fight and all the remaining good stuff in life. Is she original? Not really. But she's absolutely relatable and you can get where she's coming from. That said, I really liked the fact that Patricia Briggs gave Adam a daughter and made Adam's best friend gay. It makes the characters all the more likeable to see that they're still human under the werewolf's fur and not merely a bunch of overly attractive, white, straight, single dudes there for the female protagonist to drool over. I did enjoy Mercy's chemistry with Adam as well; it was well executed, you could see the romance blooming but without it becoming the focus of the story. So, for what it is, I'd say "Moon Called" is a very good urban fantasy novel and I would recommend it. It has a decent, engaging plot, really fast pace, solid mythology and world-building, a variety of relatable characters and it's enjoyable to read.
I'm torn about this one. I really like the artwork and I also sorta like the humorous voice of the narrator, but I just can't get over certain elements of the plot that make absolutely no sense to me. Like, why would anybody in his right mind send a Prince to hunt two completely unimportant deserters? Why would anybody in their right minds hire a bunch of Freelancers and spend ridiculous amounts of money to also hunt down deserters? Apparently this has something to do with the baby - which we are told (by the narrator herself, aka the baby) is neither important nor a saviour. So, again, why? And, then, the most baffling question of all: why would somebody think that the natural thing a man would want to do after being dumped by a "strong" woman would be to molest a child? Enter the cliche of the Freelancer (bounty hunter/assassin, I take that to mean) who can without remorse kill children and even newly born babies but pedophiles he draws a line at and is morally compelled to rid the world of them. I mean, come on. Also, wood is used in the construction of spaceships, even though it would totally burn and be destroyed when it hit the atmosphere of any planet fit for people to inhabit it. Aaand Marko's mother was waiting stand-by to track him at all times and teleported in his wooden spaceship. If his race can teleport, why didn't he just do that? And Prince Robot implies that it would be harder for him, a Prince, to find trasport than it would be for two fugitives. And he somehow makes the leap of thought that the first place these fugitives would go to will be the planet where their favourite author lives. 'Cause, yeah, that makes sense. So, yes, a lot of convenient plot devices.
Hey there! Care to share your impressions on this one? Thinking of starting it soon!
I just love Goth Girl and Chris Riddell is one of my favourite people in the world. Excellent artwork, brilliantly written, gorgeously presented; every Goth Girl book is a jewel.
If there's one thing that annoyed me in "Hush" was the parade of villains; we must have seen at least half of the DC super-villains in this comic book. Don't get me wrong, I did like the story, the dialogue was great and the art excellent, but a couple of times I felt like I was in the midst of a beauty pageant for the Arkham Asylum residents. Other than that, though, it was very very good and I'd definitely recommend it.
This one was much better than "What Really Happened in Peru", though far less funny.
I must admit I did like the other two new orleans books more than this one, but reading all three really gives you the sense of being in the city and walking its streets. So, though this is the weakest of the three, as a whole, the books serve their purpose more than adequately.
Really good writing and artwork, I especially loved the ending, but I would have liked it to be a little longer.
I got this one as a birthday gift and it was truly amazing. It is a gothic fairy tale -which is precisely what it promises to be, right from the cover. The story is highly enjoyable and the artwork is beautiful. There was one line that stuck with me. When the child goes into Uncle's workshop, she says that it stinks. Then, Uncle answers: "the sources of wealth normally do, my dear", which I thought was pure genious. All in all, a great read.
I'd already read this story as part of an anthology edited by Neil Gaiman and Al Sarrantonio a couple of years back; and I thought it was an amazing story. It still is an amazing story, but I can't really say the same thing about the accompanying art, which -to me- is not at all appealing. Thankfully, this one is far shorter than From Hell (which I couldn't bring myself to finish because of Eddie Campbell's artwork). I still think I prefer it as a novelette rather than as an illustrated book.
"And then she kissed me" has everything you can hope for in a short f/f story. The two characters are interesting, relatable and their banter is very sensual, but secondary characters like the MC's friend are also well-crafted and fun despite the limited wordcount. The heat is up to eleven and the setting a bit retro and nostalgic. I thoroughly enjoyed reading about these two and I hope we soon get to see more from Jericho Holz. I'll be keeping an eye out for their work for sure.
"Swan Lake" is my favourite ballet and I'm always pleased to watch new adaptations of it. What I found most surprising in Mercedes Lackey's version, though, was that not even for a second did I think this was an adaptation. Obviously, it follows the "Swan Lake" story very closely, but it is so beautifully written, with such convincing, wonderfully crafted characters, that it felt to me as if this was the original story and the ballet the adaptation. I loved Odile from the beginning and, even if I warmed to Odette later on, they were both such amazing female characters - smart, strong-willed, wise, kind, interesting. I also liked Siegfried's story and how he turned his life around and decided to redeem himself. Von Rothbart was a great villain, highly intelligent and very cruel. This was the first novel by Mercedes Lackey that I read and I must admit I liked it immensely; I'll certainly be looking to read more of her work in the future.
This was an amazing volume. All the plot elements from the past two volumes come together to form a tight story, the characters are well written and interesting, the cliff-hanger at the end is great and the artwork is, once more, brilliant. Probably the best Batwoman TPB so far.
This is your typical, gothic ghost story, with great dialogue, well-crafted characters and a claustrophobic scenery. I can't really say that I was scared or that I felt the agony I was supposed to have experienced, but I suspect this is more my fault than the novel's; supernatural horror truly doesn't frighten me at all. However, this is a solid, fine crafted ghost story which is more about Eleanor's descent into madness than a haunted house. I'm reluctant to accept the popular opinion that this is the quintessential ghost story, but it certainly is one of the best.
I love Gail Carriger and I also adore Genevieve Lefoux as a character. The protagonist, Imogene, was a great addition to the Parasol Protectorate world and I really liked how the writer dealed with things like womens' struggles in the Victorian society, homoerotic love during the era and women's education. I was very happy to see Alexia being her wonderful self once more, but I did miss Lord Akeldama. A want him to have his own novella, you know? He is my favourite character in the series and I can't live without him
This is one of my absolute favourites. I love the politics, the occult undertones, Rome, the characters, the artwork, the amazing plot, the swash-buckling...well, pretty much everything. If you're a fun of TV shows such as "The Borgias" or "Zorro", then this is a must-read for you.
Yet another amazing volume from creative duo Brubaker & Phillips. I think I'll be following what these two gentlemen are doing from now on.
An in-betweeen volume, really, which is the reason why it was shorter than vol. 6, I suppose. I'm certain I'd have been disappointed had I read it when it first came out, because nothing terribly exciting happens and it seems to mostle tie up loose ends from the past 6 TPBs. So I'm glad I waited this long and read "The War of Words" and "The Wound" together; they're really meant to be read like this, I think, since. In any case, "The Wound" is still a great installment in the series and I foresee an amazing 8th volume.
Fatale is one of my favourite ongoing series right now; I enjoy the marriage of cthulhu mythos with the noir genre, Josephine is a really likeable if cursed heroine and her adventures through the ages along with nick's current story are really good. This was a really good volume, capturing the Seattle grudge scene and the fantastic twist at the volume finale made me hungry for more.
I LOVED this comic. The burning feather reminds me a lot of the In Nomine Roleplaying Game, but the premise of the story is completely different and very, very interesting. Luci is a fantastic character, the artwork is brilliant and the plot is intriguing. What else can one ask for?
I've been saving this one for more than a year, been saving it for a moment when reading it would seem right and proper. And, after watching the second episode of "American Gods", I realized the time had finally come. The story is brilliant, it ties really well with the main series and, even though it is called "Overture", I would definitely recommend reading it after the main run of "The Sandman" (and after "Endless Nights" as well, according to Neil himself, but I would say it doesn't matter THAT much). "A Hope in Hell" is the issue that made me fall in love with "The Sandman" long ago and I loved seeing that story echo in "Overture". Williams' artwork is truly a marvel and he draws such a wonderful Sandman that sometimes I wished he head been the artist for the main series as well. Overall, a must-read.
Amazing volume, I think I liked it was more to my taste than the first one.
I think this was the best Cabal short story I've read so far; it was smart, the humour was great and Zarenyia was a brilliant character.
Oh, my! This was truly a fantastic book. It was fun and entertaining, with delicious tidbits of social commentary sprinkled in between the lines, well-written, with interesting characters and a solid plot. I loved the epistolary style and the depiction of the Victorian era was quite marvelous. Basically, if you like these two things: fantasy and Jane Austen, go no further, for this is the book for you.
This second book in the Bannon & Clare series was brilliant. I still have an issue concerning the mythology and world-building, because I think there's room for more explanation and exploration, but the "Red Plague Affair" was great in every other respect. I especially liked the relationship between Clare and Vance and the fact that our two protagonists were acting individually for the most part of the book made the novel appear longer -in a good manner. There were some questions left ananswered; however, having read much of Mrs Saintcrow's work, I believe we will be receiving answers in the following volumes. For me, this was much closer to the amazing "Damnation Affair" than the somewhat unsatisfying "Iron Wyrm Affair". A wonderful steampunk mystery, with lots of adventure and agony, interesting characters and setting.
This is so good! And cute, in its own, twisted way. I love Scottie Young, Gertrude is a hilarious character the plot is simple but well-executed and Larry is absolutely brilliant. Loved it.
Oh, I really liked this one; it's nothing like the first volume. The writing is much better, the art is much better and the overall story is very interesting, with a great main villain. Overall, a very entertaining volume.
I have to admit, I was looking forward to reading this book, hoping it would be a decent urban fantasy novel; a first of a new series I could start reading. I was both disappointed and surprised. Sabina Kane must be the stupidest lead character who ever existed and being brainswashed for half her life at some point stops being an excuse. I wanted to jump into the book and yell at her to wake up and smell the coffee. The writing improved as the story moved on, but, in the beginning, chapters and scenes seemed to be completely disconnected from one another. The reason I surprised -and not in a good way- was that it was so heavily influenced by Vampire: The Masquerade that I couldn't ignore it if I tried. The Lilith/Cain mythology, the Caste of Nod, the prophecies of apocalypse and chosen ones; I mean, really. Gighul was probably the coolest character in the whole book and that's saying a lot. Overall, Red-headed stepchild was an ok book, but definitely not among the best urban fantasy series out there.
I've watched the movie a couple of years back and was surprised by how much I liked it. The book is superior in many ways -though the movie is pretty good as well. There is something raw and wild about this novel. I'm not certain if I completely liked the writing style but it was certainly interesting. There are some powerful passages and Melinda is a character you can sympathize with. It deals with a huge, important, difficult issue -rape- and it does so thoughtfully and with great care and respect. The symbolisms worked and the writing felt like that of a teenage girl. Overall, a good book if you're in for some serious YA fiction.
So, apparently I've read at least a couple of Grant Morrison comics so far (Arkham Asylum and We3) and I must say that, so far, I'm enjoying the Invisibles the most. I won't write more before finishing the whole story, though, because I want to have an informed and complete opinion on it.
My first time ever reading a paizo adventure path and I have to admit this is excellently written and particularly well-crafted.
At last, it's finished! I had read the book for the first time some years back and, thankfully, I didn't remember all the details. I appreciated it a bit better, I think, reading it in english instead of translated; however, Martin's writing still wasn't to my liking. The dialogue is exquisite, but the language just...very...plain, I guess. It was also too long, there was no need for the book to be 864 pages, whole chapters could have been left out and never missed. It isn't particularly fast-paced, but it doesn't progress painfully slow either. The characters are excellently depicted, though the absence of non-stereotypical female characters irritated me. The shallow, selfish bimbo (Sansa), the sentimental, motherly figure (Catelyn), the femme fatale (Cersei) and the tomboy (Arya, Maege Mormont). I absolutely loved the sense of fate and impeding doom hanging over the characters and the story was compelling. Overall, a very good book, but not flawless.
Absolutely brilliant novel, I enjoyed it immensely. Caitlin Kiernan is one of the few people who can write supernatural horror that actually manages to scare me.
This book was brutal. And, in its own way, it was scary as well. I always find damaged characters who've been socially ostracized immensely interesting and perhaps that's because they feel like kindred spirits to me but "Carrie" is a confusing novel at that; you can't really root for her but you can definitely understand why she ended up doing what she did. I feel like "Carrie" has become such a huge part of our popular culture that talking about this book so many years after it got published is not relevant anymore but in any case, this is the real deal, the book that started it all. "Carrie" brought significant changes to the genre and after it everything was forever different -for better or worse, that is disputable, but the fact remains that "Carrie" was a groundbreaking novel back in the day and, to my surprise, I found that it was still relevant today and it probably still be relevant in another 40 years.
This is supposed to be a horror story, but I think the only reason it gets away with it is because it came out in the seventies, long before urban fantasy was a thing. If it were published today, thought, it would definitely be considered uf. The writing is reminiscent of hardboiled noir novels, the first person narrative really works wonders and the characters are interesting and well crafted; especially Angel, Louis and Epiphany. The plot is really good and the author's attention to detail is amazing. I've often written that in all good urban fantasy, the city itself is a character and Mr.Hjortsberg went to great lengths to make sure that happened in his novel. But here's what I didn't like about it: the plot was so incredibly predictable! From the very first moment Angel mentions his memory loss and new face (which is at the very beginning of the book), I knew what was going on. From the first time Epiphany appears, I guessed her identity. There is a general lack of subtlety that diminished the reading experience for me. The other thing I didn't like was the ending, which I thought was a bit anticlimactic. Though I must say I liked the idea of the ending and wouldn't have it any other way, the delivery didn't live up to expectations. In any case, "Falling Angel" is a good book, much better than the majority of uf novels being published today, there are some horror elements in it, and it's highly enjoyable if a little too predictable.
I don't think there's much to say about this book, except maybe that it truly is a fantasy masterwork.
Oh, I really liked this one. I've found myself gravitating more and more towards Image comics lately and this one I bought as a part of the humble bundle and I will definitely be reading the rest of it. I love westerns and I also love stories with Death as a character. Pretty Deadly, which is not the best of titles, I must admit, is a very peculiar kind of story and I do get why many people don't like it. Personally, I enjoyed it immensely and thought the writing and artwork were both brilliant. The only thing that keeps me from giving out the fifth star is that the volume seems self-contained and, for a stand-alone story, it does leave a few things unexplained. But I will read more before I give out the final verdict. In any case, a great read.
I will be copy-pasting this for every Goosebumps novel I'll be reading.On a whim, I decided to read all of the Goosebumps books. Some of them I've read before but, for the most part, I haven't. I won't be giving any stars; this doesn't mean anything about my actual opinion for the books, it only means that I don't think I can realistically, objectively rank 62 books which are not even meant for my age. I did enjoy the ones I read as a child and I am enjoying the ones I'm reading now, so that's what matters, I believe. Yes, there are some repetitive patterns and, yes, the endings are sometimes silly and, yes, R.L. Stine may not be the best of writers. Still, I feel like I have to commend him for two things in particular: first, for bringing the horror genre early on into our lives and, second, for subtly dealing with important family issues, such as moving away, a parent loosing a job, a accident happening etc. And I think the huge success of these books speaks volumes. So, I'll just be enjoying reading them in the following couple of weeks, not reviewing or evaluating them.
This is a phenomenal book. It's no more young adult than, let's say, "The Ocean at the End of the Lane". It is absolutely brilliant and heartbreaking and, if you've ever been one of those people who didn't fit in or didn't feel comfortable in their own skin, this one will be for you. The premise is simple enough: what happens to people who travel to other worlds and then come back? Seanan McGuire masterfully explores matters of identity, sexuality, family love and what home (and hope) means to each and every one of us. There are at least two ways to read this book: a) you can read it as a fantasy tale of weird, wayward people and strange, cruel worlds or b) you can read it as a metaphor about choosing to be who we really are and taking pride in it, no matter the cost. Either way, it won't disappoint.
This was beautiful. Not the most original plot, for sure, but it's masterfully written, the characterization is impeccable and the artwork - though not my style - is a perfect fit. It's probably the sort of story that will get more to you if you are an artist and if you take your art seriously. And that's fine. It' s a great comic (yeah, sure, graphic novel, whatever) and I had an amazing time reading it.
I was a bit disappointed by volume 2 of "I,Vampire". The first volume was very atmospheric and dark, the writing was beautiful and the story compelling. In the second volume, all we see for the most part is a parade of various DC superheroes and very few of the elements which made me love the first installment of the story. I felt cheated, as a reader, for having spent money in something that did not begin as a superhero comic but ended up being all about superheroes.
I've tried to read The Colour of Magic a couple of times but it never really won me over, so I wasn't very hopeful about my next venture into the Discworld. However, Equal Rites was more than a satisfying read; it was extremely funny and very entertaining, with great characters and an interesting premise.
I struggled with the rating because there were a couple of stories that did not particularly impress me; however, since this is Ray Bradbury and he was a master of language and style, even these stories were expertly written. Therefore, 5 stars it is. I had read the Family stories before (Uncle Einar, The Homecoming) and some other stories I'd watched as episodes of the Ray Bradbury Theater (The Small Assassin, The Crowd, There Was an Old Lady, The Emissary, Skeleton, The Man Upstairs). Still, I did enjoy reading them and I found them to be even more engaging in writing, as it often happens. The Scythe, The Next in Line and Jack-in-the-Box were the three stories, among those which were completely new to me, that really stood out; beautiful, scary, heart-breaking stories, all three of them. The Dwarf, Touched with Fire and The Cistern all felt a bit flat to me - The Dwarf, especially, was a particularly strange choice to open this short story collection. But overall, this is one of the very best Ray Bradbury collections one could hope to ever read. And then there's the foreword. I almost cried reading May I Die Before My Voices and I think every single person who is or ever has been an aspiring writer or a published writer or just a writer in general can relate to those words. An excellent book. Go out and read it.
The fact that after so many years and more than 2000 pages of sheer brilliance there are still corners of the Endless' universe which remain unxeplored is astonishing. Neil Gaiman never fails to deliver. My only complain about this issue is that it's but one issue and we'll have to wait a couple of months for the next installment. Other than that, reading about Morpheus again and seeing him again fill me with extreme pleasure and happiness. I'll definitely be re-reading this before the next issue comes out but first thoughts go like this: it's freaking amazing. Go. Buy it. Read it.
This would make a brilliant TV series. The premise is absolutely brilliant and the execution of it as well. People travelling into the Narrative Dimension to patch up "sick" and "breached" stories? If only this was my job!
So, in case you were wondering, this is kinda like "Bonnie and Clyde" if Bonnie and Clyde could stop time when they had sex. The premise itself is interesting, I suppose, and I think this could have been funny but it just wasn't, not to me at least. Mostly, I found it to be silly and the artwork to be awful.
There were a couple of things that worked great in this novel. First, the fact that a man can write a first-person narrative of a teenage girl that can be so convincing. Second, Neil Gaiman - who's my favourite author as well. Third, Kyra, who's an awesome, complex character. Four, the fact that you realize that the first book in the series was also, ultimately about Kyra and that Fanboy wouldn't have evolved if it wasn't for her. One thing that didn't work as great, though, was the slut-shaming. I get that it's absolutely realistic and that girls call other girls sluts and whores all the time, but it really didn't work for me in this context. Overall, a really good book, though.
I love Blacksad, but this was just a really weak volume. The story was pretty decent and the artwork was gorgeous as always, but it didn't meet my expectations. Every single one of the previous four volumes had something to say and I kinda got the feeling this one got close to doing the same but it didn't deliver, in the end. No matter, I still remain a devoted Blacksad fan.
This is my favourite Rincewind novel so far. I really liked the plot, the characters and Rincewind's existencial crisis, it was funny and entertaining and there were tons of enjoyment to be had reading it. It would have been a solid 5 stars if there had been a confrontation between Coin/the staff and Abrim/the hat, but, as it was, I did feel that Abrim/the hat was, in the end, underused as a plot device. However, I can definitely say I had a great time with this novel and plunged right into the next one featuring Rincewind.
Continuing with my reading on New Orleans, the Garden District book was interesting, but I think I liked the one on the French Quarter better. I would have liked some more info on the city of the dead as well as some of the older houses in the district, but overall it was a very enjoyable and informative read.
That Johannes Cabal is one of my favourite characters ever is no secret; I think the only thing wrong with these short stories is the fact that there's no more of them. I literally think I could keep reading Cabal adventures for years and years.
Three interlinking stories revolving around Gnarly (whom we've seen in previous volumes as the owner of The Untertow), Teeg Lawless (whom we've learned about in Lawless) and Danica, a black girl with a score to settle. We also got to see more of Sebastian Hyde and his criminal empire. Getting all the PoVs in this story worked really well because Gnarly, Teeg and Danica were all very different characters with very different voices. Overall, another great volume in the series.
Very well-written, if somewhat baffling and paradoxical story.
So, apparently I've read at least a couple of Grant Morrison comics so far (Arkham Asylum and We3) and I must say that, so far, I'm enjoying the Invisibles the most. I won't write more before finishing the whole story, though, because I want to have an informed and complete opinion on it.
My main issue with this book is that the context surrounding the incestuous relationship between the siblings is something that I've seen before. In "Flowers in the Attic", which used to be one of my favourite novels as a teenager, Virginia Andrews described very similar family dynamics in an impeccable and -to me- unsurpassable manner. In "The Cement Garden", which I've never read, only watched as a movie, we again had similar family dynamics to those of "Forbidden". In all three cases, the mother is for one reason or the other absent and the older siblings are forced to act as parents to the young ones. The reason it was so convincing and compelling in Andrews' novel is because the circumstances were very extreme, plus its target audience was adults, not teenagers. The circumstances in "Forbidden" are certainly bad but they're definitely not extreme; such families exist and are more common than most of us know. That doesn't mean that the relationship between the siblings did not feel real; I guess it only means that, by the third time you read the same premise with only minor changes, it doesn't have much to offer any more. The book has its strengths though. I found Lochan to be a particularly interesting character mainly because he is so unlike any other male character in any other book I've ever read. He's painfully shy, he gets panic attacks, he has incredible amounts of bottled rage and bottled guilt. In many aspects, he assumes the role of a typical female character in a young adult book, which is very refreshing. On the contrary, Maya is the one who is more extroverted, the one who has the upper hand in the relationship between them, who pushes him to do things for his own good. This would make her the typical male character in a young adult novel and again, it's refreshing to see this reversal of roles and how much more realistic the characters are for it. The mere fact that Lochan cries -actually cries!- and Maya is the one to comfort him felt like a breath of fresh air over my eyes which've been tired of reading about incompetent female characters crumbling and their strong, silent, brooding male partners picking up the pieces. Lochan's chapters are also very raw and emotional in comparison to Maya's, though I did notice them getting slightly similar near the ending. Which brings me to the other issue I wanted to comment on. I won't spoil the ending by saying what happens and why, I'll only say it all felt a little too rushed. As if the author realized, at some point, that the story was getting nowhere and it was beginning to become repetitive and, so, she decided to put an end to it and be done with it. The whole reasoning behind those final chapters was a bit surreal and it didn't really convinve me. Overall, "Forbidden" is a good book but there are better ones out there with the same premise.
Overall, I think the book works fine as a collection of short stories and I did find the editing marvelous; each story seemed to compliment the next and so on. However, very few rose above the average -for me, at least. I think my top three were Neil Gaiman's, Michael Moorcock's, Joe Hill's and Michael Marshall Smith's. Joanne Harris' story was beautiful as well and so were Al Sarrantonio's and Gene Wolfe's. In the end, the anthology was enjoyable and I didn't think for one moment I was wasting my time, however, I do believe it could have been much better. Thumbs up to Neil Gaiman and Al Sarrantonio, though for the great editing.
A beautiful, haunting, amazingly well-written story, true to the origins and purpose of the vampire legend. One could say it contained elements of a greek tragedy, with Walter's destructive passion being his hubris against the natural order of things and the ending of the story being the reader's catharsis. A horror story of impeccable gothic romanticism, it reminded me a little of "Ligeia" for some obscure reason that I cannot exactly pin-point. I absolutely adored it.
Probably the best series I've read in a long time. Amazing plot and great humour.
I'm surprised by how much I actually enjoyed this novella. Mixing spycraft with fantasy was really interesting. In reality, this little book has everything it would need for a world to be perfect: angels, mad scientists, Nazis and spys. I admit I loved everything about it and I'd like to read more of Killarney's adventures (as well as learn what is it with "the organism" she keeps mentioning).
It was an ok book, I guess, I didn't hate reading it, but I've read much better crime novels and there were numerous problems with it already mentioned by other readers: e.g. the fact that Catchpool appears to be completely stupid at times or that Poirot seems almost psychic or even the fact that the plot itself is much more complicated than it needs to be.
I know I've said this before, but I can't possibly be objective where Neil Gaiman's work is concerned. I loved most of the stories in Trigger Warning quite passionately and the ones I didn't love, I liked. He's as amazing a writer as always and he made me weep for Ray Bradbury, long for the Dying Earth, want to listen to David Bowie and recall all the things I love about American Gods and caves in Black Mountains and witches and fairy tales.
One of the best volumes in the whole series, we finally learn the secret of Armando's birth and why Cosimo Trebaldi has been hunting him, wanting him dead since the moment of his birth. I'm curious to see how Armando's story will end...
So, apparently I've read at least a couple of Grant Morrison comics so far (Arkham Asylum and We3) and I must say that, so far, I'm enjoying the Invisibles the most. I won't write more before finishing the whole story, though, because I want to have an informed and complete opinion on it.
Again, the mythology of the world leaves a lot to be desired. Much remains unexplained and many of the characters' reactions feel completely flat and unrealistic. The supposed twist was rather obvious since the first installment in the series, so I can't really say I was surprised. Still disliking Snow, as well.
I would like to see some more of Allessandro Tarabotti's adventures in the future (perhaps a book?); this was a fun and light read but too short and not very stand-alone. Enjoyable nonetheless and made me want more.
Definitely among the best clan novels, beautifully written and with great characterization.
An enjoyable - if predictable - read, full of unlikeable (but quite well-crafted) characters. Not impressive, but highly entertaining.
Amazing! Just that, amazing. Brilliant story, excellent dialogue and character development and I never saw the final twist coming. A must-read for all Batman fans!
Darn, I love noir. And I love Ed Brubaker and Sean Phillips. "The Fade Out" is a classic noir story about the corruption in big studios during the golden age of Hollywood. It's a character driven murder mystery, with flawed, broken protagonists and an intriguing plot. Ed Brubaker never fails to deliver and this new story is no exception.
The series remains amazing as always and this volume was full of flashbacks and history on the keys, the house, the Locke family and even Dodge. The ending was a surprising twist and I really like the story on the keepers and Dodge. Can't wait to see what comes next.
I've decided to wander into the wonderful land of Oz being a grown-up and having only seen the movie version of the story. I don't really regret the decision for there are many things in the book that a child would be unable to fully understand. In a way, I think most great children books can be read by adults as well, for they are written for a smart audience and don't consider their young readers stupid or ignorant.
"We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be".This was my first Vonnegut and I feel lucky that it happend to be such a brilliant novel. "Mother Night" could have easily been an emotionally heavy character drama, but Vonnegut chose satire as his medium and it worked wonders. Everything feels painfully real yet somehow surreal at the same time. The subtle satire challenges morality far more effectively than a didactic piece of prose could have done. The writing is great, there are some very powerful passages and the whole things is a tight, amazing read meant to make people consider how much of themselves is real, how much is fake and at what point the fake becomes real. I'll surely be reading more Vonnegut in the future.
I'm enjoying Bone immensely and, in this volume, it starts taking a darker turn.
Awwww! I think this is probably the single most romantic thing I have read in my entire life. Laini Taylor's writing -and I know I've said this one before- is heartbreakingly beautiful. It just has that wonderful, fairytale quality to it that fills the reader with awe. And Zuzana and Mik are such likeable, funny, quirky and cute characters that you just can't help wanting to see how their treasure hunt will end. I want more stories with these two. No, no, I NEED more stories with these two.
Far from being perfect or among the best urban fantasy novels that I've read, Death's Mistress was tons of fun and I had a great time reading it. The plot was really good and we already have established the main characters since the previous book so, now, we get a chance to know them better and see them grow. Karen Chance has a gift for creating interesting, deep protagonists and, contrary to Midnight's Daughter, Death's Mistress had well-written action scenes - which goes to show that the writer grows with each new book. All in all, a highly entertaining read. P.S. Please, though, enough with these generic titles! The books are so much better than this!
I love me some Chris Riddell. Though this was much more a children's book than the Goth Girl ones are, I had tons of fun with it and gulped down the whole thing in less than an hour.
I'm holding my fourth star back for one reason, mainly: I cannot possibly imagine where the story will go after this first volume. However, the premise is great and it is a commentary on our own world and our views of beauty and how desirable beauty is. I am very curious to see how this goes on.
It would be really unfair, I think, to compare this second "Dark Tower" volume to the first one, not because the "Gunslinger" is a worse book, but because the two are so very different. The dream-like quality of the first book is lost here, except in the beginning and ending -which is very fitting- and the book mostly takes place in our world and not Roland's. So, the odd tidbits of mythos which remained unexplained all through the first book don't exist at all here. The plot is also tighter and the new characters it introduces appear to be very promising.
My only issue with this book was that I'd seen the movie based on it first. Don't get me wrong, it's a masterpiece of a movie but it does spoil the experience a little bit. However, I have to admit that Robert Bloch sets the novel up in an excellent manner and the build up is great. It does get somewhat slow before the ending, with Lila and Sam just waiting around for Arbogast to come back, but it's such a small book that I didn't bother that much. The dialogue between Norman and his mother, as well as his internal monologue were masterfully written. A great novel overall, though I would definitely recommend reading it before watching the movie.
I felt there was a lot missing from this book, though there were several really good, creepy moments. I severely disliked the main character though and how the writer keeps repeating how ugly she thinks she is when she really is gorgeous etc. The mythology was very fragmented as well and needed a lot of unpacking. Yet, it was a mostly ok novelette and I must say I enjoyed reading it. P.S. The thing with the names, thoug? Very obvious.
Not any spectacular improvement since the previous two installments, it's ok but no more than that. Characters are still mostly flat and mythology is still mostly unexplored.
Another good story, but I'm getting kind of tired with this blackmailer motif; so far, every volume I've read had a blackmailer as the main antagonist. The whole thing with Brainiac was really interesting but they left it open and I'm wondering weather it'll just be forgotten of they plan to further explore it. Enjoyable read in any case.
If I could give this one six stars, I would. Seanan McGuire writes of a Faerie that is wild and strange and inhuman, beautiful and cruel at the same time, endless and yet dying. Simply put, she is the BEST equipped writer for this sort of urban fantasy. "An Artificial Night" is a fantastic novel, October Daye is a great, complex character, The Luidaeg is the scariest friend someone could have, Tybalt is a most loveable cat and the supporting characters are just as deep, interesting and realistic. Going straight to the fourth book now; this series is forming into an obsession.
I watched the movie "The skin I live in" when it first came out and, being a huge Amodovar fan, I immediately loved it. I looked for the book but couldn't find it at the time and eventually forgot all about it, until someone reminded it to me. This time I was luckier; probably because the movie resulted in a reprint. In any case, the basic premise is pretty much the same, though I found the novel's story to be much more solid. That said, this is one sick book. It's basically a story of revenge but far more twisted than the typical Count of Montecristo rip-offs that we're used to seeing. It is so dark that it's practically pitch-black. "Tarantula" deals with many themes: loss of identity, control, revenge, but I think mainly it deals with guilt, a thing the reader only understands when the entirety of what happened is uncovered. Alex's parts were less interesting than Richard's or Vincent's -Vincent's, in particular, were superb, but overall the plot was tight and the novel un-put-downa-able. If there's one aspect in which I found "Tarantula" lacking, that was dialogue, which at times felt strained and not at all natural. But since there's very little dialogue either way and the situation described in the novel is very extreme to begin with, it didn't bother me as much as it would have in any other case. I wouldn't recommend this book to everyone; it's meant to be disturbing and twisting and people who don't like reading this sort of stories won't enjoy it. If you are, however, among those who would love some quality psychological horror, try it out.
Not much to say, the book was, well, ok I guess but I think "The Lying Game" is better. Better written, better characters, far more interesting.
I was expecting this to be the big throw down, but it mostly felt like a filler. Samir as a character makes absolutely no sense to me. He is evil with evil plans and full of evil evilness but there was no purpose behind what he did, his actions were almost random. Overall, not a bad novella, but a somewhat lazy one, in my opinion. I trully hope the next book in the series will be better.
Yet another beautiful and heartbreaking gothic fairytale from the amazing hands of artiste extraordinaire, Miss Victoria Frances. I don't have much to say about Misty Circus except that I wish volume 2 got translated faster!
Kendare Blake's version of the Twilight of the Gods is full of gore and grit. I still think she write's an amazing Athena and an equally amazing Odysseus (and thumbs up for calling him Odysseus and not Ulysses), but man, did I dislike Cassie in this book. Actually, she's probably my least favourite character -which says quite a lot considering she's one of the two main protagonists. In any case, though, Mortal Gods is a great second book, I read it in one sit and enjoyed it immensely.Can't wait for the third one.
OK so, by now, it has become apparent to me that I'm probably the only person in the universe whining about the plot holes, conveniences and cliches in "Saga". It's rather obvious that everybody else thinks it's a masterpiece and, truly, I can see the appeal. For what it's worth, here's my opinion:Main characters meeting their hero who turns out not to be all they hoped for cliche? Check. Main character being able to magically and all of the sudden do something we've been explicitly told she couldn't do, just because cliche? Check. Also, Alana should totally kick the shit out of him for "believing she could fly" and throwing her and the damn baby off the lighthouse. Seemingly important (but not really) character accidentally killed cliche? Check. Being stranded in an "evil/cursed" place that makes people hallucinate cliche? Check. I still cannot fathom why a Prince is being sent to deal with two deserters. How do all these political leaders fail to understand that the story of deserters falling in love wouldn't be remotely interesting to anybody, had they simly left them in peace instead of hunting them down. Seriously, how is it that they don't get this? And the opposite of war is... fucking. Because, you know, if people fucked more there would be no war, never and we would live happily ever after with the power of love. Sounds legit.
I'd read Alice in Wonderland when I was little and then again recently due to a course I'm taking, but I read Through the Looking Glass only now for the first time. Adventures in Wonderland truly is an amazing book, but I must admit I didn't find Through the Looking Glass half as fascinating. I think it's uneven -parts of it are really amazing, while other parts are rather boring. I remember reading Paul Auster's "New York Trilogy" a few years back and how he kept referring to this book and Humpty Dumpty and how he represents language and I do believe reading Through the Looking Glass having this knowledge helped me appreciate it better; however, overall, I find Adventures in Wonderland a much better book.
I must be a cold-hearted person, deep down, because I didn't shed a single tear reading We3. I'm giving it 3 stars mainly because of the great artwork but the story just doesn't hold up to the expectations. The premise is brilliant but the execution significantly less brilliant. It could have been so much better thant what it actually was and, I guess, this was what I found most disappointing. And this volume felt really decompressed as well. I literally read the whole thing in under 15 minutes. All in all, I'd give 2 stars for the story and writing and 3 for the artwork.
Oh, fuck you, book. Damn, this was brutal. I feel a little bruised inside, swollen and raw. Don't get me wrong, this is a fantastic novel, absolutely fantastic, but it will mess you up and it will pulverize your little heart and will amaze you and hurt you and make you weep. It is, after all, a story about losing someone you love, losing them the long and hard way - if there's any other way to lose someone, of course. As I said, it's brutal. But, also, true and healing and cathartic. It broke me a little and put me back, slightly misshapen, slightly odd-looking. Fuck you, book.
Great comic, my favourite on-going series, excellent volume, really amazing crossover etc. etc. Basically, just read The Unwritten, people.
This is certainly among the best horror stories ever written; not only is it masterfully crafted but it also evokes the most profound and nameless terrors without mentioning them or describing them outright. I could see how "The Great God Pan" had a huge impact on contemporary horror writers as well (indeed, one or two other books came to mind as I read it). In short, I loved it.
I discovered this book by chance, drawn to it by its title and I'm glad I decided to give it a shot, because it was truly amazing. Miss Taylor's writing is heartbreakingly beautiful -no, seriously, it tears the soul apart to read her descriptions of Prague and Loramendi and Brimstone's shop and, most of all, the protagonists' emotions. Karou and Akiva are both great heroes, fleshed out and believable, as are the secondary characters. The plot, though simple in its core, is intricately crafted and with such imagination that it manages to give new breath to an old story. Short version: I absolutely loved it!
A good enough anthology; most of the stories were mediocre and there were a few really bad ones. However, there were also some excellent stories as well. Geraldine, The Final Fete of Abba Adi, Cherry, White Chapel, In This Soul of a Woman and Queen of the Night were my favourites among the lot.
Brilliant novel! Sort of "Something Wicked this Way Comes" meets "Carnivale" meets "Cirque du Freak". Basically a one-character story, with an interesting form and acidic humour. Lots and lots of acidic humour which I enjoyed immensely. The plot may be somewhat predictable, but the plot is hardly the important thing here. Johannes Cabal is not a character you will like. He is an excellent character, but not a likeable one. Actually, you might even loathe him. Reading this, I realize it sounds funny to claim that a book with a predictable plot and an unlikeable protagonist can be brilliant, yet this book must be the exception. I loved it and will be reading the other two in the series as well.
I can't say I particularly enjoyed this novel. Although I didn't find it quite bad, I didn't think it was good either. I guess "OK" is the most accurate description and that's why I'm giving two stars. The very obvious World Of Darkness influence didn't bother me because I appreciate that Mr. Huston tried to do something with it instead of just copy it and, to some extent, he managed to do so. The plot was more or less alright, though rather predictable and with a villain that ended up being more of a caricature (view spoiler)[- not only is he filthy rich, he's also a brilliant, mad scientist, a sadist and a pedophile! (hide spoiler)]What I most disliked, however, was Huston's prose. This is a matter of preference rather than actual literary worth; I simply dislike this writing style.
Another light, fun, geeky read from Annie Bellett. I would have liked the werewolf politics to be more well-defined but, in the end, I did enjoy the book a lot. I also loved the ending and the possible directions the next book could go.
Let me start by saying this will not be even remotely close to an objective review; however, it will be an honest one. I have devoured every single Radovan & the Count story since I was initially introduced to the two characters in Prince of Wolves. I've read the short stories, the novels and the novellas and Lord of Runes was one of my most anticipated books for 2015, second only to Neil Gaiman's Trigger Warning - and Neil Gaiman is my favourite writer, so that should be saying something. Once more, Dave Gross delivered exactly what I've been expecting: a novel full of adventure, comradeship, humour, action, rich cultural and historical background and, of course, heartbreak. Count Varian Jeggare and his bodyguard, Radovan, visit Corvosa, whereupon Jeggare finds out an old friend has passed away, leaving behind him the mystery of a blank book. Now, everyone knows that there are two things that the Count can't ignore: a book and a mystery and, in the case of Benigno Ygresta's death, he gets both. A resigned pathfinder, a bounty hunter, a shaman, a wizard and a thief join our two heroes in a race against time, as ancient evil threatens to awaken. This is a Jeggare-centered novel, which I, personally, thought was a great thing, since I've been begging for this to happen since Prince of Wolves. Every flaw and every virtue of his character are accentuated in Lord of Runes; something I suspect was done on purpose, to emphasize the main theme of the book - which I will let you discover for yourselves. The secondary characters are, once again, brilliant and I would love to see some spin-offs featuring them. Though it appears we will be seeing more of Janneke and Illyria in the future, I'd also like to read some more of Eando Kline and Zora, as well as Kazyah's early adventures, perhaps. Furthermore, I believe this is probably the best way to find out more about the history of Thassilon and the runelords. I'd been playing the campaign (Rise of the Runelords) for about a year and I do feel I' ve learned more reading this novel. So, I would definitely be recommending it as a source to DMs who'd like to run this particular campaign. It contains amazing material and it is also a great novel and fun to read. Finally, I'm not sure if this only happened with my copy or if it's a gerenal mistake, but I noticed this: (view spoiler)[in the beginning of chapter 18, I think, The Seraph's Ladder, it is mentioned that Zora left with Kaid's company. In chapter 20, thought, Zutha's Crypt, she appears to still be with them. I'm guessing it's supposed to be Janneke that's with them and I honestly don't know if it's just my copy or not, but I'm mentioning it either way. (hide spoiler)]Overall, I was more than happy with Lord of Runes, I was ecstatic to read my favourite characters' adventures once again and I do recommend this novel and the four before it to everyone who likes good sword and sorcery, featuring flawed, troubled characters facing adversities and challenges and growing through their experiences.
I read "The Girl Next Door" a couple of weeks back and immediately knew I had to read more of Jack Ketchum's work. So, "Off Season" is his very first novel and, apparently, there's quite a lot of drama behind its publication history. Anyhow, moving to the book itself; "Off Season" starts off really strong, with a great scene setting the tone of the story but then slows down until about halfway through. Then it picks up again and it keeps becoming more and more intense, more and more gruesome, until the final crescendo near the very end. That said, I did find the pace a bit problematic. There were a couple of occasions, in particular, when the writer stopped in the middle of the narrative to explain something completely unrelated. This threw me out of context once or twice. Also, his writing style hasn't yet evolved to that wonderful, particular voice of his that we see in "The Girl Next Door" - and, I assume, other later novels as well. However, Jack Ketchum has a unique talent of writing horror which is very emotionally and psychologically consumming for the reader. You literally feel like you're in the novel and the most horrible part of it isn't the blood or the gore or the gruesomeness. It's the powerlessness. He leaves you nothing,no place you can hide, no place you can run to. He makes you question your own morality and humanity every step of the way and that is absolutely terrifying. In the end, "Off Season" is a really good book that will scare you, but it lacks the polish of the writer's later novels.
It's an amazing thing to be reading all of the books again already knowing the story. The things you pay attention to, all the little details you had previously ignored but now make such perfect sense...J.K. Rowling has created in "Harry Potter" something wonderful and lasting, of epic proportions.
I really wanted to like this one because Isaiah is such an interesting character, but I think the main plot was way too unrealistic for me. Teen angst and trust issues and family problems, I can deal with. But putting the whole crime/underworld angle just didn't work for me. I liked Rachel's part of the story and Isaiah's with his mom, but everything else in between was hard to believe. I also grew severely irritated with guys' notions of possessing girls (I could literally hit Noah for saying things such as "No one hurts what is mine", while hugging Echo, it's completely disrespectful and not at all romantic!). In any case, it wasn't a bad read, but I still thing "Dare you to" is the best of the three novels up to date.
This is another great Sandman spin-off and this is mainly due to the fact that it's co-written by Neil Gaiman and Matt Wagner (the creator of Mage and Grendel). This is a great volume, taking place right in the beginning of the Sandman comics, after Burgess has captured Morpheus and would, therefore, be a good read for even those readers not familiar with the Sandman series. Wesley and Dian are well-written and interesting characters and I like this different take on the Sandman (as a masked hero instead of Dream of the Endless). A well-crafted story that sheds light to the years of Morpheus' imprisonment, I highly recommend it.
I've said this before and I'll say it again, "The Unwritten" is the first series I've read since "The Sandman" which has such a unique vision and where stories and the power of words are at the centre of everything. Mike Carey and Peter Gross are an amazing duo and I truly do hope that they keep up the good work in "The Unwritten" and many more series to come.
Have you read "His Dark Materials" a while back like I did? Do you miss that world like I do? Then read this novella and go back there for a little while longer.
I am trying really hard to like this, since so many of my friends seem to love it. Still, so many convenient plot devices. Like, what reason could Gwen possibly have for giving Marko BOTH the engagement rings, instead of keeping one for her self, like any normal couple would do? Other than him giving it to Alana so they could communicate, I mean. Slave Girl apparently can "sense" the magic rings. So does she sense magic in general? What can she do and why doesn't anyone explain it to us? It is clear that Gwen thinks the inhabitors of Phang (Slave Girls' home commet) are crazy and, yet, she and the deadliest assassin in the universe decide to follow an obviously traumatized child's hallucinations. How does Hazel know all the things she's narrating? Why is Prince Robot constantly pressured to go after the fugitives and why doesn't he complain at all about this? Does "Prince" mean something different in this world? The Prince obviously suffers from PTSD and I'm guessing he's gay; is that the reason his father keeps risking his heir's life and this winged agent keeps treating him like an inferior? How does a romance between a girl and a monster constitute a supposedly genius anti-war symbolism? What they're talking about is basically Beauty and the Beast; so how is this a veiled promotion of pacifism? I'm fairly certain in every war ever there were people falling in love with their supposed enemies and maybe a bunch of them had children. How is this particular baby going to lose some political faction votes or demoralize soldiers? This is plain stupid. And if these arguments are lies and it's all happening because they fear the baby is a magical superbaby or something, why doesn't ANYONE see the absurdity of said arguments?
I will be copy-pasting this for every Goosebumps novel I'll be reading. On a whim, I decided to read all of the Goosebumps books. Some of them I've read before but, for the most part, I haven't. I won't be giving any stars; this doesn't mean anything about my actual opinion for the books, it only means that I don't think I can realistically, objectively rank 62 books which are not even meant for my age. I did enjoy the ones I read as a child and I am enjoying the ones I'm reading now, so that's what matters, I believe. Yes, there are some repetitive patterns and, yes, the endings are sometimes silly and, yes, R.L. Stine may not be the best of writers. Still, I feel like I have to commend him for two things in particular: first, for bringing the horror genre early on into our lives and, second, for subtly dealing with important family issues, such as moving away, a parent loosing a job, a accident happening etc. And I think the huge success of these books speaks volumes. So, I'll just be enjoying reading them in the following couple of weeks, not reviewing or evaluating them.
This was all kinds of awesome. Gret characters, really good plot and the amazing, brilliant mythology we've seen in the first book of the series. These are the books of my people, I feel, books written with a great love for geekdom and great care too. You can find pretty much anything geek in here: CCG, RPG, TV shows, movies, comics. There is just one omission. Where are The Gamers and Dorkness Rising? This is a must-see for all RPG lovers and I'm honestly surprised to not find it in here. Anyway, that's not really important. What's important is this: there are tons of enjoyment to be had in these books if you're a hardcore geek.
Oh, I do love Gail Carriger's work so very much! Interesting choice of a lead character, Preshea, but works really well for this novella. Gavin was a delightful character and his dynamic with the valet and Jack was fantastic. I also liked the young ladies, Flo and Jane, but I would have liked to know more about the attempted assassination of the Duke. However, perhaps this novella is not the end of this story and we will see more of it? I'd definitely like that and I would so enjoy reading something about Agatha or Sophronia or Dimitty. Lyall too, he's always been one of my favourite characters in the original series. Anyway, I'm probably prone to loving anything Miss Carriger writes: she's fantastic with banter and characterization and her grasp of the particular era is simply uncanny.
Overall, I believe I liked "C&C" more than "E&E". It was funnier, the plot was more intricate and many different parties were involved and there were some character-driven chapters as well. It started out a little slow but picked up quickly and, soon enough, we found ourselves in familiar territory. Many faces known to us from the "Parasol Protectorate" books make an appearance and I read the final paragraph of the novel with a smug smile on my lips; I just knew this would happen! The infiltration part near the ending was absolutely hilarious and it was a pleasure to read. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is that the flirting between Sophronia and her suitors didn't feel plausible to me. The dialogue was beautifully written, of course, but it felt more like a Conall-Alexia scene rather than something than a credible dialogue between a 15-year-old girl raised in Victorian England and males approximately her age. It was a great book though and made for a highly enjoyable read.
The story was beautifully written and the prose and imagery were vivid and wonderful but, in terms of plot, there's not much going on. In any case, it's a fine read, though not one you're inclined to remember afterwards.
This book is so terrible that it actually made me gag once or twice. The main character is a half-wit wannabe saint who divides οther women into two categories: motherly Madonnas and whores, victims and femmes fatales. There's no sense of place, no descriptions of locations and absolutely no character development. Action scenes are horribly executed and completely unrealistic and the main plot made me laugh so hard I almost dropped the book. (view spoiler)[ A delivery service for vampires? So this old, evil vampire dude didn't have anything better to do with his unlife than make house deliveries to other old, mean vampire dudes that were too bored to go out and hunt? (hide spoiler)] There's only one good thing about this novel and that's Bones. But, then again, he's only flawless because he's a Spike rip-off so not much of originality there. For a longer review in Greek, follow the link:http://bookwormskaleidoscope.blogspot...
The book has a very nice introduction, quite well-written and intriguing. Then we move on to our own world and the twins and here's where things get complicated. I used to be a shy, quiet, bookish child myself who got teased a lot for liking books more than people, so I could initially identify with Alex. But then, instead of remaining someone relatable that you can sympathize with, she started coming off as a smart-ass, which ultimately led me to feel that Conner was far more likeable. I did enjoy the story up to a certain point, but round around the middle of the book, I started getting tired and, overall, I think the novel could have been several chapters shorter. It's very linear and very straight-forward, though I must admit there were some pieces of dialogue that I especially liked. I believe Chris Colfer has potential and I would definitely like to see more of him in his future work; several times I had the feeling that he was deliberately trying to hide how smart he is so that the book would be more accessible to children, particularly on one or two occasions he made jokes that a young child wouldn't get. In the end I'd say it's an alright first book for such a young writer, it shows potential and imagination, but I do think it was longer than it should have been and rather predictable (though I have to say I liked the explanation on the origin of fairy tales, that was really interesting and fresh).
So, finally, I managed to read it. I think I've started reading this book 3 or 4 times, but I just couldn't get past the first ten pages. Like, not even once. But, I figured, having read all of Terry Pratchett's witches novels, I should probably give The Colour of Magic another shot. So, I did and, this time, I even managed to finish it. Well, I honestly think this is more like a 2.5 stars, but closer to a 3 than a 2. It isn't a novel so much as a collection of interlinked novellas, which make up a more or less coherent story. And it has all the flaws of a first book, yet it is enjoyable. One thing I must say, though, you need to have some knowledge of classic fantasy and sci-fi works to get the joke. Overall, it was a good read, but a little awkward at times.
I'm a big fan of Caitlin Kiernan and was positively ecstatic to find out she was writing an urban fantasy book. In her foreward, she says: "This is me taking back the language of the night". This is probably the most accurate description of this book I could think of. With a junkie protagonist turned hunter by mistake, with its unique mythos and its pop culture references, the book won me over from the very first page. Kiernan never fails to deliver.
I really loved the second book and the atmosphere was amazing -in a horrific and nightmarish sort of way. The characters' reactions were very believable and the story unfolded nicely, if somewhat predictably. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is that I absolutely adored the first book and the sequel, though very good, just isn't excellent.
I really like this one. I was surprised, too, because I'm not really a fan of "The Walking Dead", but "Outcast" is actually very, very good. I like the characters and the plot seems interesting. I like the fact that it's character driven instead of plot driven and I'm definitely going to keep reading.
So this was the last Siobhan Quinn book, I guess. That's a pity; I'll miss the werepire and Mean Mr B. I'll also miss the seagulls. I think my main issue with Cherry Bomb was how uneven it is. The first half of the book is really slow, all about how Selwyn and Quinn met and the second half is so full of plot that 200something pages are not enough to fit everything in. I liked the writing, I liked the story and the new characters, I liked seeing old characters return and I got really confused with all that Charlee business. I mean, I get (view spoiler)[ why him being a Djinn should be a surprise and all but I don't really get why he should pretend to be a vampire, after initially pretending to be a wizard. This felt kind of unnecessary. (hide spoiler)] In the end, I enjoyed the novel a lot and I'm sad to see Quinn go, but I still feel that Red Delicious was the very best of the trilogy.
So, by now, I' ve read most of the Brubaker-Phillips collaborations and these guys never - NEVER - fail to deliver. Brubaker has a unique voice for noir-like, tortured anti-heroes and his Dylan here is no different. The artwork is top-notch as always, the story is compelling and, though it's not a terribly original idea, it is so well executed, with such beautiful writing and detailed characterization that you simply can't not love this comic. I'm super-glad to be reading something new by the duo and I'll definitely keep reading the next volumes.
This was a surprisingly good book. Dave Gross has found the balance between staying true to the RPG world while managing to still write literature. His writing is beautiful and his characters absolutely brilliant; theis voices are distinctive and very realistic. Blending horror with humour and mystery worked wonders, as well as the little tricks employed by the writer to make the story appear more obscure and less linear. Overall, Prince of Wolves is a really good fantasy book which could be read by Pathfinder fans as well as pretty much anyone else and I'll definitely be reading more of the Jeggare & Radovan adventures in the future.
So brilliant and cute! I absolutely adore this series by Chris Riddell and I can't seem to get enough of little Ada Goth.
A great ending to truly amazing epic.
Rating this one has been tough. I enjoyed the descriptions of the drow culture and their society is an exceedingly interesting one but the numerous flaws of "Homeland" are such that cannot be ignored. The vast majority of the characters are flat and one-dimensional. Not even two-dimensional because that would mean they were defined by anything other than their evilness. I find Drizzt a particularly infuriating character as well; his only flaw is his apparent stupidity, though the book denies us that as well by claiming he could have been a powerful wizard had he chosen to. Since this is a novel based on a D&D campaign setting, I must assume this indicates that Drizzt is intelligent as well. I despise flawless characters because they are so very boring. In reality, the only character that I truly and unconditionally loved in this novel was Zaknafein. Now, Zaknafein was a tormented soul, torn between his nature to do evil and his will to do good, he had done terrible things, he wasn't innocent, he wanted to be good but lacked the courage to attempt an escape. Even his twisted sense of mercy was far more interesting than Drizzt's imbecile "innocence". If that wasn't enough, thought, R.A. Salvatore's writing is terrible. It's repetitive and artless, almost amateurish at parts. I know this is a very minor detail too, but every time I read the words "infrared" or "infravision" I was completely thrown out of context. Seriously, "darkvision" would have been far more appropriate, I believe. The overall plot and pace of the story are good; however, the whole silent treatment between Drizzt and Zak after Drizzt returns from the Academy was unnecessary and strained in my eyes. Seriously, neither one of them thought to talk about it? I can believe it for Zak who was old and bitter and had seen so many drow turn to the evil ways of their people but Drizzt continuously keeps showing the same stupid faith to everyone else but the only person who had ever shown him any true friendship and compassion. I suppose this was meant to build up the tragedy of the ending and, up to a certain point it did, but it felt too much like an emotional blackmail to appreciate it. A different writer would have done great and terrible things with such a setting. Unfortunately, Salvatore fails to deliver.
This is considered to be one of the quintessential gothic novels and has been an inspiration to many horror and fantasy writers. It feels, however, dated. Though the language is rich and the atmosphere enchanting, the plot itself resembles a soap opera in that it is filled with unnecessary drama and twists.
I'd read a lot about Christopher Rice's work in the past few years and always wanted to get one of his books myself but it just never occured. So I was really happy when I finally got a copy of "A Density of Souls". I loved Christopher's writing instantly and found it very difficult to put the book down. It reads like a cross between Stephen King's "Stand by Me" and Poppy Z. Brite's "Lost Souls" (two of my favourite books). I'm definitely gonna be reading more of Christopher's books in the future.
I'm generally skeptical where Frank Miller is concerned because he's written both amazing stuff and terrible stuff, but "Year One" thankfully falls into the first category. This is the diary of Batman's and Jim Gordon's first year in Gotham and it focuses as much on police corruption as on Batman himself and how he came to be. I also liked this extras - Mazzucchelli's strips where hilarious and his line on how making superheroes more realistic makes them less believable was spot on. Well, "Year One" is probably as realistic as it can get while still remaining superhero and still remaining believable. Overall, an excellent story.
Kendare Blake is without doubt one of my favourite YA writers, partially because her work has the grim undertones and unique atmosphere I've enjoyed for years - ever since I read "Anna dressed in blood". This one is no different: it is a dark fantasy tale of betrayal, murder, cut-throat politics and a cruel goddess. And though it is addressed to a younger audience, it doesn't shy from elements of horror and grotesque that need to be present in such a story. As always, the characters are brilliantly crafted and all three sisters are likeable - which is both difficult to achieve and leaves you wondering how the story will end. The final chapters of this first book are full of unexpected twists and leave the reader craving more. And what a great idea to have three different covers for the three different sisters!
What a lovely, outrageous tale! I've seen both editions of the book and Scottie Young and Chris Riddell are both such amazing artists I cannot find it in me to say which illustrations suit the story better; I think they are both fantastic and compliment the story perfectly. This is a funny, silly story of unbelievable adventures that may just be true. Loved it.
It pains me to give a Gaiman 3 stars since I am a huge, hardcore Gaiman fangirl, but this just didn't do much for me. I'm not really into Norse mythology and, even though I had fun with the stories and enjoyed reading this collection, I wasn't impressed. I mean, sure, they're masterfully written but, other than that, I can't say it was my cup of tea and I think it's probably the weakest Gaiman book I've read so far.
This was the first Zafon novel that I read and I absolutely loved it. It's an amazing, modern gothic with likeable heroes, intriguing story and magnificent atmosphere. Madrid sounds like a truly beautiful city and I'd very much like to visit it one day. The only thing that bothered me was that there was more of a sci-fi/fantasy feeling to it than I would have liked; though I am an avid fantasy reader, I just don't really dig novels that are kind of unsure of whether there is a fantastic element or not. I do enjoy the ambiguity when I feel it was done on purpose, but Marina didn't really give me that impression, it was just a little genre-confused, in my opinion. That' the only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5, because everything else in this books is brilliant and I will definitely be reading more of Zafon's work in the future.
Finishing "The Left Hand of Darkness" was a struggle. Not only because I had to rush it in order to read the whole thing in a day but mainly because I wasn't particularly inclined to do so. Don't get me wrong, I liked the book well enough; however, I wasn't blown away by it. Le Guin did an admirable job of presenting the world of Winter with its androgynous inhabitants and complex politics and alien culture, yet the novel lacks immensely in terms of plot and characterization. In terms of philosophy and raising questions, "The Left Hand of Darkness" is a great book but in terms of story and characters is actually mediocre. I did like Estraven (who wouldn't?) but the first-person narrative didn't add anything to his character -it would have been better if the whole story was told by Genly Ai. And all those pages spent describing the travel in the ice; well, they were almost boring. And therein lies my issue with the novel, in the end: it reads more like a Discovery Channel documentary on the culture of imaginary planets than a novel. It's a good book overall, just not a mind-blowing one.
This one was recommended to me by a friend and I absolutely loved it! The plot, the characters and, mostly, Christa Faust's writing, were all great and highly enjoyable. This is a seriously weird crime novel, but it's worth all the way.
What an amazing novel! I wish I'd read it as a child, not as an adult, I think it would have been one of these books that grow along with you. Brilliant premise, brilliant execution. An existantial drama for kids and a story about the horror and madness of the war, at the same time. Everybod should read this. Everybody.
Obsessed with this one!
My nieces' favorite book! We read it at least twice a day!
Albeit it is a small volume, its meanings are profound and worth of an epic. Camus has managed to include the nucleus and quintessential elements of the human situation in the story of MrMeursault, the only Jesus we deserve, he mentions. The way he depicts the Social Injustice, the Exclusion and the Criminal State is superb. A novel that could well be a philosophical thesis.
This second volume shows brilliantly an era of Cold War in South East Asia, along with the 70's history of the region. Le Carre describes so vibrantly Hong Kong then, Thailand, and Cambodia with its last days of a life forever lost.
What a tragic story! That's pure reality. That's how society works everywhere and everytime. So, everyone who cherishes himself truly has to choose the life he wants the most to have.
A complete masterpiece! One of the books that are classics beyond any doubt. A naturalist novel on the darkest and most awkward sides of the human psychology. A wonderful portrayal of the 19th century French society. Something harsh with plates of gold around it. I completely adore Edmond and Jules de Goncourt!
One of the most absorbing and spine-chilling books I've ever read hitherto! An utter blast of blood, anger, abhorrence, lethal malice, love, dispair, companionship, family secrets, history as curse and as blessing. Apparitions, superstitions, dementia, tragic violence, racism, fascism in the contemporary Europe of culture, moral principles, EU, laws, rationality, Christian compassion and Enlightment. A revolutionary insight of Europe with her ever haunting monsters. Thanks God that I'm Greek and European for I was capable of feeling into my very flesh and bones everything this ingenious Greek displayed!
A small, intellectual, philosophical thesis about Morals and Politics, concerning their relationship.A great piece of Thought and of prolific clarity. A small volume of great eminence and mien.
A master of the use of language and meanings!
Small stories with profound and rich meanings. French literature at its best.
A Robert Fisher work of true magnetism, wisdom and whimsical plot! A lesson for Life.
Every theatrologist's Bible. It's so concise that it is being read as a novel with a perfect plot. Many characters mingle with many eras, creating a patchwork of Art and Culture. You fathom why Theatre is at last an indispensable urge of the Human brain.
As I read it for a second time in order to read afterwards the sequel I enjoyed again the witty and wry way of writing of Doris Lessing. She provides us with nucleus social thinking through mind-upsetting and provoking images and stories. Notwithstanding the fact that she unfolds supremely the ever present issues of Diversity and Social Exclusion, she also shows us vividly how the violence of Society shapes the human lives and how scapegoats are being made. What is more, it is an invaluable book to take glimpse of the 70's and 80's era.
A primordial attempt of a future genius...!
The primary idea of this short novel is utterly brilliant. The way that Doris speaks about the evolution of the relations between women and men throughout time with a long lost myth it is something at least pioneer. Symbolism it's another big charisma of this piece d'oevre.
A chilling drama of a family in a village of Spain! That's a common place in many villages in Mediterranean societies. I could make a ground breaking play with that!
One of my most beloved books ever! Woolf proved one more time her genius and unparalleled imagination. Implications and clever remarks about the social roles of sexes are combined with a unique and compelling depiction of historic England through 5 centuries. Literature, ethics, famous people, exotic trips, social morals are presented in the fabulous way that Virginia knows best.
This book terrified me out of my wits. And I say that literally. Its combination of the Grimms' Fairytales with horrific murders and with a seriously psychotic serial killer, made it galling, spine-chilling and highly absorbing. Russel made up a modern monster as a product of an insane society which twists philosophical values and deeper meanings into a violent and degenerated codswallop. The plot is immaculate and excilarating, the characters are greatly presented and you feel apprehension throughout the story. Several nights I used to lock my bedroom door in fear of the Big Bad Wolf...
A perfect tragedy. A powerful treatise on social injustice. An obituary to a demented, tragic, victimised, unhopeful murderess in order to lend her a sympathetic ear.
The third volume of Le Carre's Karla Trilogy is in my opinion by far the best. The atmosphere is more profound and moving as well as the characters become more clear and vivid. Le Carre attains a holistic depiction of Smiley's rich character notwithstanding the acclaimed presentation of the spine-chilling Cold War atmosphere of mutual suspisions, hatred and eventually murder. In the end the way of depicting Karla's fall bears a great resemblance to ancient greek tragedies. A masterpiece.
A book - landmark for my spiritual coming-of-age. A literary vault, thought-provoking and mind-opening. Undoubtedly, one of the most distinguished novels of that genre.
Apart from its ambiguity in accordance with the question of morality and democratic spirit, his political system proposal is one of the "founding fathers" of the western civilisation, along with the New Testament.
This is a Great Book.
An intellectual and alternative view of the crime. Minette provides a new perspective according to the crime novels genre...Interesting
One of the best autobiographies I have read hitherto. I am a huge fan of Yayoi. I love her personal philosophy, her outstanding striving for Freedom and Happiness, her extraordinary and highly inspirational artistic persona. She made an artistic and social revolution back in the 50's and 60's and she is the Mother of Contemporary Art, as well as the so called Psychosomatic Art. Her beliefs will always accompany me in the future and I hope some time to visit a great Yayoi Kusama Exhibition!
The book that shaped my life to the very inch. When I was reading this marvellous dialogue and thesis in defence of homosexuality, I was completely mesmerised by the clarity of the arguments, the variation of philosophical and scientific opinions, the unprecedented compassion and acknowledgement of the Human Nature. This very small volume makes you see Homosexuality and Love in general with a more mature, down-to -earth perspective, as a natural selection of the living species on Earth. What is more, you can fathom and perceive the hypocricy and the inhuman social policy of the Human Society and Civilization, through the ages. An enlighting masterpiece, which should be taught in schools.
A mesmerising novel, partly a fairytale, partly a modern story... as haunting as a graveyard on a remote village in Macedonia of Greece, as tender and sentimental as a caress of your grandma near the fireplace.
Too moving and enlighting! A sensational guide to re-organise your life and to find its meaning!Undoubtfully a must-read
I'm right that I acknowledge Phyllis as my favorite crime writer and one of Britain's best living writers today!
A precious gem of magical Realism... The Wingfields are a tragic as well as a most common family in our Society. The way Tennessee introduces us into the atmosphere and the inner world of his heroes is something uniquely awesome!
Great book! Tons of social commentary! If you google the title you'll find a lot of interesting angles on Marquez's book.
One of the wittiest, funniest and most intriguing dictionaries I've ever read! Bierce was an exceptional man of utter brilliance!
Albeit small in size this novel is a treasure. Travelling around a damp, dark and melancholic Venice, full of epidemic ailments and fantoms of past glory, Gustav shows us how pure Love can thrive amidst the rigid social conventions, the dwarfing moisture of the thick and ill air, the ambivalence of a troubled soul. The end has a touch of ancient Greek tragedy as Eros (Love) meets Thanatos (Death) and by this combination the Aristotelic "katharsis" leads us to a flourishing of sentiments.
Hilarious and Saucy!
One of my favorite books ever...have you read Virginia Woolf's Mrs. Dalloway? I recommend you read that and then Hours immediately after. I truly love Cunningham.
Having finished this book on 18th of December I was deeply moved considering that the end of that wonderful novel had been put the same date. Irvin D. Yalom acquainted us with Nietzsche in a singular, absorbing and wise way, providing us with some core knowledge to grasp the arcana of this philosopher's universe.
My infinite and divine tutor, of my soul and my body.
"Better die raving mad in London than evaporate in Richmond."One of the books that I love wholeheartedly. Michael Cunningham wrote a lovely book with 3 stories interwined with each other so impeccably that they make a very beautiful whole as the 3 main characters unveil their innermost thoughts; and we see their everyday lives. I appreciated the beautiful, delicate lanquage that the author deployed; and liked very much the fact that in each character there is a thing with which he is obsessed, for example flowers, the cake, the dead bird. The tragedy at the beginning and in the end with Woolf's and Richard's suicide is balanced with Laura Brown's and Clarissa Vaughan's enlightenment about the meaning of life.Honestly, it is a book that brilliantly speaks to everyone's heart; as well as showing morals and sentiments of famous and of unknown people throughout decades and between England and America, with a unique way.
My guide in the kingdom of Light! A gorgeous, compassionate and profoundly humane little story. Tears of gratitude and self - understanding are amongst it's virtues.
One of the most introspective and ambiguous theatrical writers! His wry humour and irony is nothing sort of exquisite! Some of his characters will haunt us in our most private moments for ever.
A small but consise story with a well presented and well interwoven scenario!
One of the most touching books I've read hitherto! In the end I was full with tears because the seagull it's a part of anyone of us, a part of our innermost reality. Luis Sepulveda has an abudantly competent wit and expertise in expressing feelings and ideas!
If you want to fathom the spirit of the Golden Age of Ancient Greek thought(5th century BC), you ought to include this magnifiscent play on your list.
A novel written with prowess! The writer wears a dry eminence without ostentatious ornaments of grief or emotion. The characters are credulous and the scene almost theatrical. Nearly an ancient Greek drama!
"There is nothing more frightful than the remains of a man".
One of P.D.James's best and with an adequately mature social and human awareness
This book is a really interesting epic adventure around the world in a time when technology was the new religion and political and social upheavals were about to shape the 20th century. Pynchon manages to depict the era from 1890 to 1920 in a realistic way, mingling historic events with hallucinations, visions, magic places of the ancient past and fringe scientific theories and experiments. My favourite character was Cyprian Latewood and my favourite stories were this of Kit Travers in Central Asia and Siberia and this of Web Travers in Colorado. I loved that Pynchon included The Tunguska event on the 30th of June 1908 and the briliant way he described indigenous people' reaction there. However, two drawbacks of the volume were its long, exhausting sentences and descriptions and its multitudinous characters, making it at times hard to understand.
Rainer Maria Rilke. A great mind. A wise and spiritual tutor and father. An artist with deep understanding of the nature of Art and of the works of Art. But, the most of all, he was a unique human being who has provided hitherto relentless inspiration and guidance to all the true artists amidst us.
If you want the best manual for your Life onwards, that's the book. Rilke in his best. A source of contemplative and thorough thinking.
With this novel I fathomed in deep the atmosphere of the Cold War, the hidden games of spies in order to collect information, the insane suspicions, the dishonest behaviours. Truly, an era we mustn't be proud of.
One of the best historic fiction novels i've ever read! It's a complete epic tale of a world for ever gone under "the shadows of the pomegranate tree".
Personally, my most cherished British poet... :) The perpetually up-to-date, inspirational, introspective, buoyant, non-conformist, mentally revolutional Blake with dark,wry humour and meaningful allusions, as well as with a distinct and singular wit! Joyous exaltation!
The same wonderful and warm Marjane's art as in Persepolis!
A magnifiscent portrayal of the Cretan society of the late 19th century at its most dark and oppressive times...A strong and deeply emotional novel about the freedom and wildness of the human spirit...A canvas on which you can perceive all the colours of human characters and choose the one you resemble the most...Definitely a must-read...
I head it as an audiobook (something that I do not recommend).
Terrific narrative of one of the most intriguing mathematical and philosophical endeavors of the human spirit.
It's a shame I lost my newly bought copy just mins I got it :(
The name of the book and of a lot of its chapters do not do justice to the content. They make it appear as a recipe book about how to win against the odds. It is not. At least the most interesting parts of it. There is a lot of science and math history in, and some really valuable insights on the psychology of randomness. I not only do not regret having read it. I think I found a couple of really beneficial ideas in it.
Dan Brown in this book becomes a zealot. He wants to preach the truth of the esoteric teachings to the world. I found his annoying if not disturbing. Apart from this, the story has some good suspense moments although major aspects of it were quite predictable (like the true identity of Mal'akh). The most interesting part of the book is the pinning of sites of interest in Washington DC that one would normally miss. And to the Greeks, the fact that the painter of the Capitol Dome was a Greek: Constantino Brumides.
This book is a real gem. I don’t think I have ever before read a popular book about math that has changed my understanding and appreciation for the subject. And, that’s the real achievement, with very few “math” along the way. It’s mainly prose, the good kind. I will certainly reread it.
A behavioral economics primer. Of paramount value for understanding that the basic assumption of mainstream economics, that of rational behavior, is plainly wrong. Still, apart from the interesting experiments that tear apart the rational behavior assumption, there is no attempt to revise economic theory based on the new findings. But maybe this is still premature.
Light reading. Good action and suspense. Some mind traveling goes along with it (i.e. Rome and the Vatican)
It is difficult to write a review about this book. Let me first start with my motives. I have purchased the Greek translation of this book some thirty years ago. I started it, read a few chapters and then stopped. I do this often with books. Lately, I have set myself on a mission to undo this "wrong" and read the most important books I have either left unfinished or I have completely forgotten. This one was the second in the list.Now, about the book. If you are not prepared to read a lot of philosophy, and if you have never done it before, you should probably pass by. Although it has the form of a roman, the narrative is schematic, mostly an excuse for the writer to expose his ideas. I kept wondering why didn't he do it in an essay form until I reached the end. Without spoilers, the reason is that it was his life he was talking about. And his life was mostly esoteric. And he lived it very intensely, so intensely that he was confined to a mental asylum for some time. It is this that gives substance to the book. The ideas themselves might be original, or might not. Any clever person may come up with some clever, intuitive, truthful or true resembling ideas. Very few live by them or die for them though. I enjoyed a lot the 'history of philosophy' parts of the book, especially in reference to Kant or to the sophists. But I did not 'buy' the main idea of the author: that of Quality. Although already familiar with Taoist and Zen readings, to which much it resembles, it struck me as alien and odd. Yet, this does not diminish the value of the book at all. If you have the guts, read it.
I have long despised books with practical recipes, the kind of 'how to get rich', 'lose weight' or 'find the perfect partner' books. The reason being that they were( most of them still are) largely unscientific, based on anecdotal evidence and appealing mainly to our hunger for quick fixes. This one is a book aiming to get us organised, so it is a recipe book. But it comes with a twist. There is a scientific basis. The author is a psychologist himself and also has had some experience from the business world working as an assistant to a big company CEO. Levitin lays down the basic principles early on in the book,relates them to neuro/psychological research, and then sets out to apply them in the various aspects of our lives, like home organisation, health issues, business etc. He has assembled a lot of corroborating evidence which can also be read as trivia. Most of it is interesting but some is boring. The book is well written and does not require linear reading: once you finish the basics then you can jump to the chapter that mostly interests you without difficulty.Since this is not a book of fiction, neither a pure scientific book, the real question about it is: "do the advices given work?" As a testimony to this I have to say that I started reading it last summer and then stopped halfway for irrelevant reasons. Then I caught it up again a few days ago and, upon remembering gradually the whole thing, to my astonishment, found that I had already implemented some of the basic recipes and had already yielded results. Practical advises are always tricky. You can underestimate them easily. True appreciation comes with experience. Considering that humans are prone to resist change, I find the so-far outcome in myself, rather impressive. But I am pretty sure, that there are people who have done most of the things recommended by the book, unknowingly and naturally. To them the book will appear trivial. So, before starting it, make an honest appraisal of how much organised you are and by what means, preferably write it down and then use these notes to compare to what the book suggests, and draw your conclusions. As far as I am concerned, I think it paid off.
Odd story but incomparable style. I first read it in Greek when I was a teen. I remembered nothing. Absolutely nothing. Only that I had liked it at the time. Now I read it in English and after having visited New York a couple of times, to feel comfortable with the locations of the narration. While I prefer Salinger's short stories, still this is a book that left me a warm feeling. I won't rate it, but I have it high on my list.
Reading the introductory pages, I felt bored because it iterated the advances and benefits of machine learning, something I have read about ad nauseam. But once the goal of the book was set (to find the one and only algorithm that can solve any problem) I was hooked.I am not sure for what audience this book is for. I have attended an online course on Machine Learning, something that helped me a lot to follow through. And I have a basic understanding of statistics, which also helped.But the presentation of the subject does not get mired in the technicalities of machine learning. Instead, it draws lines, divides the historical efforts into well defined "schools" or "camps" and shows eloquently the successes and the shortcomings of each one. And that was the best part. Because the master algorithm, although attacked and approached in the end, remains elusive. In short, an amazing book.
Dimitris Mistriotis asked me to read and review his little book. I must confess that, initially, I was confused by the title. I thought that it was a book about patterns and good practices.After reading a couple of pages I realised that Dimitris' aim was to construct a typology of developers. Dealing with developers most of my working time (and, maybe, life), I found the issue intriguing. But the book is not only useful to the non-developers that try to understand and categorise the programmers they are working with. It is useful for developers themselves. That is, if they want to understand who they really are and set a relevant professional course. Dimitris draws inspiration from the work of others that have attempted similar categorisations and marries it with some inspiration from literature. The result is concise and coherent. A nice read that takes no more than two full hours.Is this work scientific? No. As far as I am concerned, all business books have more to do with story telling than truth discovery. And this is understandable. Business people are doers. They need tools to help them do their work, not scientific papers that will assist them in their own research. And to this extent, the book constructs a truthful story, one that I often found resonating my own experiences. Dimitris is a developer himself. His book as a form of soul searching, a nice example of someone trying to get to the marrow of his 'call'. And drawing from ones' experience adds to the veracity of the subject matter.What I would like to see on top, is combining the proposed typology with the Big 5 theory of personality types. That would be very helpful in the recruiting process.
Very educative although with a bit more information than I needed. Sheds a different light on China and explains well its achievement, performance, global standing and prospects.
I read Homo Sapiens in 2 days. This one took me 2 months. I found a lot of the topics covered repetitive or already known, since I have read the author's writings in NYT, the Guardian and other publications, and watched his very interesting interview by Chris Anderson in TED. So I took breaks, reading other stuff in between, before coming back again.By this, I don't mean to imply that the book is without merit. On the contrary. In fact, the issues touched here are more important than the ones in Homo Sapiens, since they are not a narration meant to interpret the past, but a narration trying to warn about a set of possible futures, none of them easy to swallow or benign for humankind. Especially, the last part of the book plays more on this tune. The biggest benefit from reading it is that it lifts one's gaze from the current to the upcoming and from the short term to the to the mid, and, eventually, the long term. Divesting humanity from all its self attributed values, what are we left to live with? This is the deepest philosophical point for the reader to answer. Or, more correctly, attempt to.
So far the best of the "Cemetary of the Forgotten Book" cirlce.
My first Montalban book. I am not sure I liked the story but I liked the book. I was attracted to it by ... Barcelona. I wanted to read something else about Barcelona apart from the books of Carlos Ruiz Zafon. Zafon, although younger, describes an age of Barcelona before him and mostly before Montalban's.Montalban, a socialist and a gastronomer, as well as a scholar and poet, describes a Barcelona of bourgeois decay (or so he thinks) and his main character, detective Pepe Carvalho, seems to be immersed in it although from a critical standpoint. The southern seas is but an allegory to the unprivileged part of the city. I find the way Montalban describes human characters really powerful. And the continuous references to the Spanish cuisine, made me salivate all too often. His prose is more advance and complex than the usual crime store prose. But the story is linear and unfolds without too much excitement or suspense. More with an intended disgust. Like Zafon's cemetery of the forgotten books, Montalban has his own peculiar reference to books: Carvalho, although too knowledgeable about them has developed a habit of burning books in his fireplace (I understand the semiology here but I find the act unforgivable).They say that great art is not the one you love, but the one you cannot stop thinking about. If this is applicable to literature too, then Carvalho has this sort effect. Maybe till one gets enough of him. I won't know before the next book.
This book is a decade old. It sort of claims that there is a new kind of science of sync, having to do with the spontaneous synchronisation of various systems so different as the crickets to the laser beams. It is full of interesting science stories but the main line of thought is weak. I think when it was published, the author aspired kicking off something like a new Chaos theory or Complexity theory. To my knowledge, nothing of this sort has followed. Maybe because of the inherent difficulty in dealing with non linear systems. Yet the problem studied is interesting and inspiring. And the prose is rich and entertaining. Not a waste of time, not a revelation either.
Although halfway to the end, I have to say that this is a great book. Great insights beyond triviality. Great ideas and presentation.
History of statistics and the role of chanceI enjoyed reading this little book, more for the historical perspective on probability theory and statistics and less for the judgement it boils down to: that luck plays a bigger part in life thank we think. A consider it a good intro on the subject.
Interesting book, although too detailed in its description of maps and their editions. I would expect more explanations about what maps and cartography were before Mercator and what they are now. And a few more math about its projection. Still, I enjoyed the reviving of the Reformation era and the description of the Benelux region of those days.
Notable book but outdated.
Wow! What a book! It’s one of those rare times that I wish I had written it.
I read the book in a sprint (for my standards): 466 pages in less than three days, thanks to the clear, flowing, occasionally humorous, exhilarating prose, for sure. But also because of the fresh approach to the subject of history. It is hard to classify this book as history to begin with. Because it is not confined to a certain geography, people or era. True to its title, it ecompasses the entire existence of the species called Homo Sapiens, from its appearance on Earth, to the present day. And as a true heresy to the subject, attempts to talk also about the history of the future. This holistic viewpoint is refreshing. And missing. Turn into any human doctrine and you immediately despair by the degree of siloing, compartmentalisation and over-specialization. Very few of us are trying to see the bigger picture. And even less want or can. This only would be sufficient to win the book the five stars. But there is more: it is not just description, compilation of facts one upon the other. It is an attempt to an explanation of history. Not to its deeper sense, as this, according to the writer, remains elusive. But an explanation that emerges from the abstraction of the events observed without prejudice (to the extent possible) and with the aid of other sciences, like, well..., all of them.The most important part is the more debatable: where is history going, where are we going, what homo sapiens is going to become. Nothing more than an educated guess is offered, of course. But the compilation of facts to support it is staggering. And it is no surprise that the next book of Harari (Home Deus) delves deeper into this future. But I need to warn those that will attempt a reading that it requires a stomach. If you have a partisan or traditional viewpoint, you will soon find yourself irritated or even offended. There are no idols worshipped here. Rather the book abounds with meek and well intended attacks on many cherished religious, political, economic, social and scientific theories and beliefs. Embrace a healthy cynicism and read on, if you still dare. It is worth it.
If you are interested in anti-semitism or similar unhealthy preoccupations, then Umberto Eco offers you an insight into the history of the subject matter.Like with most of his romans, literature is just an excuse. Or a better way to study a subject. In the Prague Cemetery we travel back to the beginning of the 19th century and follow a certain Simone Simonini to his old age, in parallel with his developing and ever growing anti-semitism. Simonini is a fictional character and is only one of the very few of the book. Most of the others are real. And what a dreadful reality this is. With Simonini we enter a world where absurdity is the norm. Not a picturesque and harmless absurdity. But one that drives people to crime, to slander, to forgery and more. The Catholic church, Jesuits, Freemassons, Satanists and occultists, the secret services, the army, revolutionaries, socialists, reactionaries, the carbonars, anarchists and terrorists, all play a role in setting the scenery for the escalation of hatred for the Jewish people.I cannot guess what drove Eco to write this book and to treat his otherwise abominable hero in a rather gentle manner, but what it left me with is the recognition that Hitler's anti-judaism was well rooted in the history of most of the nations surrounding Germany. The final solution was thought and worked out long before Hitler. And, if I understand Eco a little, I think this is what he aimed to pinpoint. The Holocaust might have been a Nazi undertaking but the its conception was more of a European thing.From a purely literary perspective, Eco's narrative is not experimental or avant garde (whatever this means) but it is not simple and commonplace either. Lots of back and forth between three persons that undertake the role of the narrator and lots of back and forth in time. But it is not boring. On the contrary, it is very lively and flows naturally. It is, in two words, worth reading.
I stopped reading. While the prose is good, I have read half the book and haven't got the faintest idea what is it about.
The most dark of the series.
Loved it. It was amazing. Scary but wonderfull.
Loved it! Hate the end though...Only hope that Daizy's rest of life is enough punishment. Sure she deserves it!
This is on my to-read list! :)
I loved it!!
Speechless...(I have to find it and buy it in Greek too)
Best quote ever: "When in doubt, eat!" I plan to follow it.
Pretty much my favourite Christie book. No idea why!
Ready for the movie.
It was a very lovely book....but what i"ll always remember about it is a vety small part from the epilogue where the twins play with playstations and their grandmother can't understand what kind of joy this game offers them.Children shouldn't play will with playstations or any kind of a computer game. I believe that parents who let their children waste their time on such games aren't the best parents.
I have to say, I'm still a little bit freaked out.It starts as a normal supernatural story and ends up the in the most horrifying way.
Following the structure of a classical crime mystery, this book combines tension, humanity,tenderness, compassion. Skilful narration, complete characters and a satisfactory plot.
Brilliant and turning everything upside down. Matt Haig's allien hero is awesome!!!
awesome, full of suspense, brilliant, i love this book.
I enjoyed a lot all this farce about the mistaken or "adopted" identities. It is universally true that people tend to believe almost everything, especially when it comes from a "well informed" source.
an agoraphobic heroine wandering through a city of changes.
a compelling story about how words once spoken have the power to influence or even make oneself acting as a paranoid.
a modern working woman in emotional and financial crisis. Hilarious and brilliant the e-mail dialogues.
If being stranded on a desert island is a mess, guess what big mess is being stranded on the red planet. Brilliant and hilarious. Read it to see how the human brain can work hard to escape calamities.
A dark novel, brilliantly written.
Dark excitement. I love Alex Marwood 's writting.
** spoiler alert ** After a few pages, it turns dull. I've been reading the same things again and again. And Lynn did not convince me, I found her gullible enough, what! she was a former cop.
I've just finished reading it for the second time. Brilliant, full of tension, solid characters.
The book had its brilliant moments, but unfortunately the biggest part of it was lacking inspiration. The first third of the book was too boring with all these trivialities about the shop.
Brilliant! Distortion of reality, human alienation, superficial sex an deep love are only some of the motives that Sarah Hall uses to wove her plot.
The book had its good and bad moments. Unfortunately, the bad ones were the majority.
a moving story about the battles we fight for peace, the wars that others have started, our forbidden memories, our forbidden or forgotten words. A touching story about the ways our life goes on.
Partly slow narration, partly glimpses of suspension, a contradictory phychological thriller.
very good reviving of the particular historical era and an intriguing mystery to be solved
Beautifully written, moving with its funny, sarcastic, sentimental twists.
Jojo Moyes is a charismatic writter, so I overlook the melodrama towards the end.
sounds of war and sounds of peace in a still bleeding country. But the soul has no rest and so does the mind.
having read it four times, I find it one of her most compelling, a dive into the depths of the human mind and soul.
scandalously delicious reading.
The last summer of innocence, the beginning of a new era for a boy too old to wear short trousers, too young to enjoy the company of his brothers. Fascinating characters, a must to read.
Despite the references to Agatha Christie, the book was disappointing.
Reading as a miraculous process and the capacity of human brain. The journey of "learning". Very enlightening.
Inspiring and moving.
if you expect an Agatha Christie atmosphere, as several aspects of the novel point to "and then, there were none", in vain. I found the plot too slow till the point where all of a sudden and out of nowhere there goes the culprit.
A multi-leveled romance that satisfies many kinds of readers. Adventure, intrigue, history and a love story during the French Revolution.
I've met people with autism and this book made me understand many things about their behavior. Brilliant and illuminating.
thrilling, brilliant plot. I liked the multi perspective point of the narration.
Fresh, full of sounds and colors , nostalgia, sensitivity.A symbolic train, the symbolism referring to freedom. Not the freedom we enjoy through democracy, but through self-esteem.
gripping although the first person narration is not my favorite for this genre.
tenderness, humor and irony in a story of love and war. The central hero is trying to survive despite the adverse and inhuman conditions. Relationships changing roles, the connection of friendship and betrayal.
A breathtaking book to read.
Having already read "Salmon fishing in the Yemen" and "More than you can say" I came to simply adore Torday"'s writing. But I became a little disapointed by "The Irresistible inheritance of Wilberforce". I would have prefered an "orthodox" narrative, meaning the plot to happen from past to present times and not the reverse. Anyway, I liked the "digging"into Wilberforce's character.
Totally unrealistic.
a journey back to the origins and story of a family. Though it looks like a colorful adventure, it is enhanced with deep meanings. The lava walker is the one who travels through life's instability for the sake of this journey.
I love Sophie Kinsella 's books, but this one was plotless and pointless.
Brilliant and exquisitely written, thorougly researched historical background.
death is cruel and hard but also human. Moving and pointing simultaneously.
romantic and moving with a brilliant end.
I didin't like the present tense narrative. It gave me the inpression that someone just stated the facts. As for the plot, i think it was too far-fetched.
Brilliant and hilarious, a vivid travelling adventure into contemporary Greece with its addictions and contradictions. Marjory McGinn scratched (as her Leonidas says in the book) not only the surface, but accomplished to set lights on Greek "pathos". My congratulations!
What happened to me was really strange;I had been in a bookstore in Greece looking in general for books and novels.I saw this book of ULRIC on the section of the books from abroad,which I rarely prefer.I opened it just in curiousity and it… was”love at first sight”!!!!!!!!!I was really astonished by the quality of this edition,the detailed piece of information and the rare beautifull photos, the nice heavy pages.I HAD NEVER SEEN SUCH A BOOK ON SS before!!It was something completely DIFFERENT from any other historical book and magnificent...So I decided to buy it despite its high price. So many and nice were the photos and so well organized, that when I finished the book I had the impression I had really travelled back to time, and lived for a while to Germany of Hitler and the mysterious , dark world of the SS...I felt “trapped” in the WEWELSBURG CASTLE among porcelans, totenkopfrings, and ancient knights of Wagner…The book doesn’t provide information on battles nor biographies, but it analyzes the structure of the SS ,the way of thinking, the dress code of the SS, the ceremonies, the sympbols, the parades, every single detail on their celebrations, customs, weapons,uniforms, badges, and habbits:It reveals the “inner secrets” let’s say-, which gave shape to Himmlers illusions and love for the routes. Items and photos never seen before exist in this edition. Criminals though they had been, the SS had created a little microworld extremely interesting to explore through this edition.The only ommittion I saw, was that there had been no reference neither to WOMEN who assisted the SS(such as Ilse Koch of whom we see the marriage photo)nor to foreign volunteers of the SS in Norway,Holland ,Bosna etc. This is not important though, taking into account the huge quantities of NEW DOCUMENTS presented about SS in this book…A MUST- BOOK for everyone eager in History of 20th century ,interested in WW2,in Hitlers period and in military history.DISCOVER IT!!!
Highly recommend this book!
You will not actually read something that you already know. But it's worth reading if you are kinda lost in your way or need an extra positive "push"...
3 assτέρια..Not bad! 🍑
It's a nicely organised book, offering lots of answers to questions you'd never expect to have. The content was funny and witty, and most of the times, a person with minimal understanding of the physical world would get the general idea behind the given explanations. However, I found the absense of explanatory diagrammes and schemes quite disturbing. You can't describe experiments only with words or explain phenomena without some sort of visual help.
Χαίρε ελεύθερε Μπάρτλμπυ.“Bartleby,” said I, “when those papers are all copied, I will compare them with you.”“I would prefer not to.”“How? Surely you do not mean to persist in that mulish vagary?”No answer.I threw open the folding-doors near by, and, turning upon Turkey and Nippers, exclaimed:“Bartleby a second time says, he won’t examine his papers. What do you think of it, Turkey?”It was afternoon, be it remembered. Turkey sat glowing like a brass boiler; his bald head steaming; his hands reeling among his blotted papers.“Think of it?” roared Turkey; “I think I’ll just step behind his screen, and black his eyes for him!”
"Let there be no mistake: now, as before - in the fluid and light as much as in the solid and heavy stage of modernity - individualization is a fate, not a choice. In the land of the individual freedom of choice the option to escape individualization and to refuse participation in the individualizing game is emphatically not on the agenda.The individual's self-containment and self-sufficiency may be another illusion: that men and women have no one to blame for their frustrations and troubles does not need now to mean, any more than it did in the past, that they can protect themselves against frustration using their own domestic appliances or pull themselves out of trouble, Baron Munchausen style, by their bootstraps. And yet, if they fall ill, it is assumed that this has happened because they were not resolute and industrious enough in following their health regime; if they stay unemployed, it is because they failed to learn the skills of gaining an interview, or because they did not try hard enough to find a job or because they are, purely and simply, work-shy; if they are not sure about their career prospects and agonize about their future, it is because they are not good enough at winning friends and influencing people and failed to learn and master, as they should have done, the arts of self-expression and impressing others. This is, at any rate, what they are told these days to be the case, and what they have come to believe, so that they now behave as if this was, indeed, the truth of the matter. As Beck aptly and poignantly puts it, 'how one lives becomes a biographical solution to systemic contradictions'."
"It is in the most surreal situations that a person feels the most present, the closest to reality".
Were I the Moor, I would not be Iago.In following him, I follow but myself.Heaven is my judge, not I for love and duty,But seeming so, for my peculiar end.For when my outward action doth demonstrateThe native act and figure of my heartIn compliment extern, ’tis not long afterBut I will wear my heart upon my sleeveFor daws to peck at. I am not what I am.Διαβάστε το καλύτερα στα αγγλικά το έργο, νιώθω πως η μετάφραση του Βασίλη Ρώτα, εν πολλοίς άνευρη και βαριεστημένη, μού στέρησε τη χαρά αυτού του κειμένου.
I used to be somewhere inbetween B1 and B2 in German and as I have been meaning to get back in the language game, I took it easy and read this one to drag me out of the rust. While the stories are perfect in terms of difficulty and length for beginners, beyond that, more advanced speakers will find syntax and vocabulary a bit off. However, the humour bits make it fun and easy to flow.
If I am the chief of sinners, I am the chief of sufferers also.
Για μένα, αυτό το βιβλίο είναι χαλαρά μέσα στις κορυφαίες στιγμές της λογοτεχνίας 💖"For we each of us deserve everything, every luxury that was ever piled in the tombs of the dead kings, and we each of us deserve nothing, not a mouthful of bread in hunger. Have we not eaten while another starved? Will you punish us for that? Will you reward us for the virtue of starving while others ate? No man earns punishment, no man earns reward. Free your mind of the idea of deserving, the idea of earning, and you will begin to be able to think."
"Everything was beautiful and nothing hurt".
Extremely expressive linework and colouring, interesting premise, I'm really eager to read the next episodes but I'm kinda irritated by this black and white representation of feminity and the sheer reproduction of the same old boring beauty standards for ALL the female characters.I mean, literally the whole story is about half of the population going extinct, there are infinite ways of depicting the multitude women and none of them ever is shown as average-looking, overweight, short or whatever. Anyway I'm still going to push through the next couple of issues.
This introductory text's temperature, clarity and pace, bringing together the essence of political thought with its historical context, really does the trick for an enthusiastic beginner in political philosophy. I think I can trace Sabine's own affinity towards some of his subject matters, however his personal fascinations or predilections never mouth his broad and deep inquisition, but rather invest it with humour and learned worldliness.I particularly enjoyed his account on Plato and Aristotle, where his brilliant writing shines from its interdisciplinary quality and on Hobbes, Rousseau and Hegel, where he really disentangles the key points from the most elaborate philosophic work of the early and late Enlightenment.It's a 5 star this one, you just can't go wrong with Sabine.
A somewhat baseline text, mostly descriptive of the status quo instead of proposing alternatives. I think that the rest of Erik Olin Wright's written work provides a more insightful vantage point of emancipatory social studies.
Childish plot. Read it because it came up as recommended in Goodreads and was easy to download to Kindle from Amazon. I think it would be better in YA section, as it is more of a teen graphic novel.
I really liked getting to know Aly in this story and even though I prefer the mage warrior or plain warrior as the main character in Tamora's books, I'm glad I got to read about a spy too. I enjoyed the way she talked herself out of difficult situations and that she's headstrong about the things she believes in but also keeps an open mind. I met a few great characters that I'm excited to know more of in the next book.
Witcheskin had such a vivid and creative world. I really loved the magic and the unique perspective of it. I am not used to this kind of folklore and myths and I enjoyed reading about them. It had some dark elements and gore-y parts that gave the story a darker shade that went so well with the wind that was blowing out my apartment. I liked all the characters for different reasons and my favorite one has to be Maredudd. He was very interesting from the beginning to the end and had a great voice -I hope I’m explaining this right. I couldn’t wait for every scene with him in it.I liked Owen too and his journey got me reading some articles and threads so I can understand it better. He is strong but everyone breaks at some point and I liked that he was so open to everything new, it suited him well.I won this book in an Instagram giveaway by April and I have to say a big thank you! I want to read more books with LGBT+ characters and this was such a great start.
Okay... So, do you know that feeling of great excitement and anticipation we sometimes get when we're about to read a book and then, when we actually have the book in our hands and start reading it, well... we stop feeling that way for some reason and we cannot continue reading anymore. That's what happened to me with Wunderkids. I really wanted to read this book and like it but I didn't and I feel bad about it but I received this book for free in exchange for an honest review and here it is.It started nicely, with the Who, Where, What, Why ect, and the pace and writing were easy and fun. Then, my "problems" started to rise as I started to feel like some of the characters were more like caricatures than "real people". I know that there are people acting that way but they felt really one dimensional to me and I couldn't get passed it. Continuing on, I felt like some of the descriptions (although well-written at most parts) were just taking page space and my interest fell a lot. I tried but I couldn't feel invested in the story anymore.I won't get into any more detail because I don't want to spoil anyone. Thanks to the writer that sent me the book and I hope you guys like it, I really do. For me, it was one of those books that you really want to like but in the end you don't. It happens. I don't like it, no one does, but that doesn't make it untrue. Maybe I'll try to re-read this in the future with a clear mind and see if I had the problem in the end and not the story itself. That happens too.
I received a free copy in exchange for an honest review so here it goes. There are going to be spoilers in the review, so be careful if you haven’t read the book. Consider yourself warned! Ok? There are some spoilers below, not major I think, but do not read this! Okay, Hazel Grace?Schasm was a great read. I really enjoyed most of it and I would recommend it to anyone who liked the movie Inception and also likes young/new adult fiction. I rarely compare book to movies and vice versa but I couldn’t help it as I was thinking of Inception all the time. It’s a good comparison, of course, not bad like the author stole things from Inception etc. It's just that it has kind of the same "idea" of dream-world-creation. Keep reading.Let me explain: In this book, the main character, Chloe, is a drifter. What’s a drifter you might ask? A drifter (in this book) is a person who can fall into a different mental reality (dream, if you like) and live in it like it is real. Chloe can drift off/away when she closes her eyes and live in different place that her mind her created from scratch or from ideas and memories. It’s very interesting idea and believe me when I say that it gets more and more interesting as the story continues. You learn new things about Chloe’s drifting ability and get to know some other characters.I’ll move on from how much I like the idea of drifting and the story generally to the characters and the plot. First of all, I liked Chloe and Alex a lot. Chloe was smart and brave and I liked that she thought things through before acting, when she had the time to do it. She lived a tough life so I can understand most of her decisions and actions, as I was thinking that I’d probably do the same thing she did. I also liked Alex. He was sweet, kind and smart. I liked the way that he wanted to protect Chloe but he wasn’t an “overly manly man”. Just a normal person who used his brain, like Chloe did. I’d like to read more from their past relationship, like when they where kids and what made Alex fall in love with Chloe, but that might be written in the second book which I haven’t read yet. Celia wasn’t much of a character, as where the others, but I liked her too and I’d love to read more about her in the sequel. Now, the ones that I kind of hated from the way they behaved and also from the lack of explanation to why they were acting like that. I’m referring to Chloe’s mom and dad. Her dad was nowhere to be seen. I mean the dude didn’t do a thing to help his daughter and that made me furious. Can I think of people I know that treat their children like they mean nothing to them? Yes, I can. But I cannot stand it and I hoped that he’d at least change a bit till the end. Lastly, Chloe’s mom was the devil! Man, I hated her from the beginning with her yelling and the way she mistreated Chloe like she was the villain. I also hoped that she’d change till the end or that I might find out why was she acting like that but the explanation I got didn’t do much good. She was a drifter too and didn’t like it so she made up her mind to treat her daughter like crap when she knew what Chloe was going through? Instead of helping her understand her gift, she locked her in her room for like forever! Why would she do such a thing? And why didn’t her dad do anything to prevent his daughter from living such an awful and abusive life? Damn that man, damn him to hell! So, back to Chloe’s mom, I’d really like to read a better explanations to why she’s acting like that because the above was not so believable to me.Moving on to the plot. I liked the plot a lot but towards the end it got really confusing and I had to stop reading and try to understand what the hell was happening, who could see who, who was where and what was what. I can’t say that I didn’t like the confusion because I kinda felt like Chloe and that’s pretty awesome when it happens, but I kind of felt like it was too confusing to follow. Can’t make up my mind right now. I, also, liked the cliffhanger in the end and it left me wanting more and yelling at Shari J. Ryan: “Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy?”What else? Hmm… I think I got it covered pretty good. Although I feel like I’m not making any sense most of the time! Doesn’t matter! I liked the book, it was good mostly, bad at times (who doesn’t make mistakes? Not me, as you can see from this all-over-the-place review), good-confusing, a little bad-confusing, it had some awesome and vivid descriptions and overall it left me feeling nostalgic for some reason. Try to figure me out and the Schasm will be a piece of cake. Anyway, go read it people and write your reviews and like it and read some more and be happy.Peace!
I received this copy for free via the Goodreads giveaways in exchange for an honest review. So, thank you very much! It was personally signed by Elise Kova, with a card from Air Awakens (which was signed too!) That got me fangirling for a while!So, I really liked Fire Falling and I enjoyed reading it. There was more use of magic and we got to see every kind of sorcerer use their element. We learnt a bit more about the history of the Continent and what every sorcerer can do, how they fight and what are capable of. The characters started to develop and learn from their actions (present or past). We also met new characters and got to know the old ones better, which was great. I really want to know more about the History of the Continent (before the war started and every what it was like over 100 years ago).There were some things that put me off a little bit, some dialogue here ans there or some character actions I wasn't sure were "true" to them, but all in all it was a good book. I'll surely read the sequels because... Well, if you've read it you know why! And also because I enjoy a good story.
Brilliant! Just brilliant.
This is one of the best books I've read this year and also one of the best books I've ever read. The character development was perfect! We get to learn so much about our characters through the events that occur that I feel like I really know them now. I thought I already knew them well but now I feel like they are some of my closest friends. The plot was so rich and action packed that I didn't want to let not one word pass unnoticed. But also we had our calm moments, the ones that we surely needed, so we and the characters can breathe and keep it up.I feel that Sarah J. Maas has grown so much as a writer and I cannot wait to read more of her work. I loved the books before this one but Queen of Shadows captured me in ways I didn't expect. So, thank you Sarah J. Maas for writing this story and giving me the opportunity to love, hate, fight, regret, learn, forgive and love anew along with those vibrant characters that ended up deep in my heart, in a place they will never ever leave.
4,5/5 stars and maybe I'll change it to 5 after I have some time to think about a few things I "didn't like" and make up my mind. But it was SOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!!! <3 I love Sarah's world now more than ever! She's made it so vast, her characters so vivid and unique, her story so greatly built. It reminds me some of my favorite stories (which I'm not going to name because I don't like to compare books/stories) and I cannot wait to read the next book.
This one was okay. I enjoyed my time reading it but it didn't leave me feeling anything special, as the others before. On to the next one!
So, I read this story and now it's in my heart. In its true proper place.I loved Auri. I loved her actions, her thoughts, her gentleness, her kindness. I loved the proper and right way she acted. In so many parts she reminded me of myself. I don't know how but I could empathise with her. I didn't expect to feel that way, not with such a unique character. I felt her anxiety, her fear, her happiness, her loneliness. She's one of the most strange and beautiful characters I have ever read about and I loved every word of this story. It's truly in my heart, where it belongs.Thank you Patrick for sharing this with me. Thank you for publishing this story for the people who feel a little broken inside. For the people that can see the beauty and the proper place of all the Silent Things.
I'm still in page 80 and I can't say if I like it or not yet but I'll agree with you. :) I don't really like Patch but I think I'll like him in the future. :)
What the whaaaat?!? Yeah, 5/5 stars for sure.I know, I know, Neil Gaiman is the master storyweaver and all that but come on! That was such a gorgeous tale that I should have the right to be amazed! I don't know how many of Gaiman's books I'll have to read before I stop being dumbfounded by his writing genius. I've heard a lot of good things about Neverwhere but I thought that it might be one of those books everyone loses their minds over and when I end up reading it I'm like: "Hmm... Yeah, it's was okay." But no! I was wrong and I'm glad about it. Also, I'm happy I ended up reading it now because of all the Halloween feels I still have and Gaiman's books always bring up a creepyness and a unique kind of horror in me that I adore.
I loved this story and cannot wait to read the next 3 books of Alanna and I'm sure I'm going to continue reading more books by Tamora Pierce!At first I found myself lost in the vastness of Pierce's books but with a little bit of googling I found out which book/series was the "first" one and I went ahead and ordered it. I was so excited to read it and I wanted to like it but I didn't expect that Pierce's words would flow so easily and draw me right into Alanna's world. It's only the beginning, of course, and we get introduced to a lot of interesting people and magic system and it just made me want to read more.One more train that I boarded kind of late but I'm so glad I did!
Again, it's one of those books everyone seems so thrilled about but I end up being not thrilled at all.
I don't know what to say about the Stormlight Archive except that it's a story I truly enjoy and even though it might take me a whole month to read a single book of 1200+ pages instead of 2-3 normal sized books, I regret nothing!Oathbringer is not my favorite of the 3 books out so far but I did learn a great deal about the story and I feel like I know the characters too well now which makes me happy. I've grown fonder of Shallan and she was my favorite character from the very beginning.I have a few "complaints" from some parts of this book but it's too early for me to write anything more.
5/5 stars obviously. What else is new? xD
I wish I had read these books before I played Witcher 3. Oh well, I just have to replay the game, it's a win-win.
Obviously 5/5 stars. What other rating can anyone give in a book like this one?
Warning: I don't know if I'd call this a review but more like my thoughts which are weird and confusing because I just finished this book and I have so many feelings.Wow, I just don't know what to say because I really really liked it even though for the most part I was confused about what was happening. It's not that I didn't pay attention but I guess that's Malazan and I like it for being so non-expanatory. 4.5/5 stars for this one. I enjoyed it less than Garden's of the Moon because in book 1 I didn't feel as lost as I felt in book 2. That sounds like a bad thing but it's really not because I know that Steven Erikson does nothing to help readers figure out what's going on. You gotta do the work even though at some points there is nothing more you can do than move forward and hope that you'll get some information in the future to shed some light in the darkness. I don't think I've ever read a book series like this and it makes me feel very excited the more I think about it. I will surely continue on with the next installment but I'll take a break for a few months because these books are just too much of... everything! I kind of feel obsessed when I'm reading Malazan because I am always tired after I close the book but I want to re-open it immediately and keep reading but I know that I cannot take any more because if you're not there, like 100% there while reading, you're going to miss things that are important. I've had the "I wanna keep reading this book until I finish it because it's just too good" feeling before but not like this. With Malazan-obsession comes a feeling of tiredness because you really have to work for it and you know that so every time you open the book you've gotta be mentally prepered. I don't know how else to explain it really. You've got to read the books to know, I guess.
First of all, I want to say a big thank you to the BProudPr on Instagram for sending me an e-arc of the book I was so excited to be a part of this and I’m glad I’ve been chosen to do so. I didn’t know it was Anna’s book when I said yes and when I found out I was even more excited to read her story.I really enjoyed the Slavic mythology and folklore and it got me googling a lot of things and now I have some articles to read. I liked how the story unfolded along with the world around Wiktoria, as we learn things with her and get more entwined in her world. I had a feeling the whole time that “nothing is as it seems” and I loved the way the bond ended up being. I’m not saying it never should be what we are all accustomed to (love interest and such) but, boy, was I glad to get a fresh look/take on such a bond.I loved the own voices rep and I hope to see this more often in books. The characters felt unique and real, the dialogues kept my attention and I really wanted to know more about everyone, about everything. The relationships are not set in stone and it felt refreshing to see how people behave and grow as they learn more about themselves and others around them.I would love to read more of Anna’s work and I really hope she continues this story. She has a lot to say as a writer and as a person and I’m glad she decided to do so.
Okay, so, Harley and I? We don't really know each other. I knew her origin story as the Joker's doctor and all but I've never read any comic books that focused on her or the Joker. A few months ago I watched Birds of Prey and I liked it. A few days ago I watched the last episode of season 2 of the Harley Queen animation tv-series and I really liked it. So, when I stumbled upon this graphic novel I felt like it was time to read about her.I really liked this graphic novel. The art was so gorgeous and I just kept staring at some of the panels for ages. I loved the narration that got me into Harleen's head, the way they used her dreams to fill me in with more information and get to know her better. Her relationship with the Joker felt so smooth and not forced at all. I knew where this was going but it still was a surprise (I hope this makes sense).I have no idea if this is the story everyone knows about Harley Quinn (her research, the funding, Harvey Dent, the Batman, all of that was brand new information for me) but I'm glad I've read it. It was such an enjoyable read for me and I keep going back to look at some panels, to read some pages with her thoughts or her patients' thoughts.So, yeah, it was really good. I know I'm not hard to please as a reader and when I like something I tend to not care about anything meh or bad but I think that's okay. There are too many people being harsh for small details, unable to see the forest every single time.
The Locked Tomb is one of my favorite series of all freaking time. Tamsyn Muir is a master novelcrafter and I'm so glad I decided to give her a chance.Her books are very complex and a lot of times (okay, most of the times) very hard to understand. They're different from each other (writing-wise) but their core is the same. Muir's worldbuilding and storytelling always captures my full attention not only because it's so well crafted but also beacuse I know that every word, every detail that seems simple or smal, matters. Everything really matters.The characters are so well written that you know who's speaking even at times that is kinda hard to really know who's who (it makes sense if you read the books). Gideon was my favorite in book one. Harrow made me love her in book two. And book 3? Well... Book 3 was such a weird, unique and full of wonders story that ended up being -once again- mindblowing.If you like books that chew up the information for you and feed it to you so it's easily digestible, don't read this series. If you like books that don't make you think, that don't invade your mind at all, then don't read this series. But if you like complex stories, multilayered and deep worldbuilding, characters that have arcs and, you know, are really different from each other not only because they have different names, then by all means, read these books.
This was so cute and wholesome. I had a great adventure alongside Betty, her sisters and a few more characters I cannot talk about due to spoilers. The book kept me such a good company and I had a feeling of warmth the whole time I was reading it.
I didn't expect to like a character named Murderbot-Yeah, okay, obviously I did expect to like it but not for the same reasons that I actually did.
This book was magical! I have no words to describe it further as I just finished it and I am in need of someone to talk about it with! Sarah J. Maas did it again!
I've missed Korra soooo bad! I really loved this story and I cannot wait for the next part! AtLA Universe is one of my favorites!
I don't know if I should rate this or not. I feel weird about the whole thing. I read it. I liked it. I'm mad about what happened with this book (not the story, the "book"). Did I miss Pat's world? Yep. Anyway. Hope I get to be alive when the final book comes out.
The artwork was phenomenal! I loved the story and the setting. I loved how different the characters were and that they supported each other. I watched "Scavengers Reign" back in October and I needed some more of that same hive-mind setting and The Cull was perfect. I'd love to read more.
Wow... just WOW! This is one of the best prequels out there that you need to read because of how awesome it really is. Sooz, you did it again.I loved Truthwitch, I loooved Windwitch and maaaaan, Sightwitch ruined me in the best way possible!Amazing story with rich characters and worldbuilding that grips your heart and never lets it go. Now, on to the wait for Bloodwitch!
I'm choosing to DNF this for a while. I started it with excitement but then life happened and I didn't feel like reading at all so the book was left at ~30% for almost two months. I know I won't pick it up again any time soon and I won't force myself to keep going because I don't want to ruin this book for no reason. I'll shelf it and revisit this world in the future when it's the right time.
5/5 stars and I would give it more if I could. Muir is one of my favorite writers (top 3) and I'm so glad I picked up the sequel to Gideon the Ninth. She has a unique way of using words to explain things while confusing you at the same time in the best way possible. Muir is a master at her craft and I wish I could write in such a meaningful way.Reading Harrow the Ninth felt like I was promised I would watch a card trick while the magician doing it would explain everything on the way but even though I had all the answers, I couldn't put them together because I was immersed in the trick. And in the end there is no trick and you were the magician all along but you were playing 4D chess with a ghost. Also, this was the most romantic book I've ever read. I cannot wait for the next installment so I can be fooled again in such a smart and unique way that makes me want more and more.
First of all, I want to thank Michelle Cohen Corasanti for the big book giveaway. I learnt about this book through the giveaway and as I entred I thought that I'd read it even if I didn't win. I did win, though, and I was really excited as I waited for it to arrive. It arrived the day after I finished a book I was reading so I started reading it immediatelly.My first impression of the book was that is was really nice. It had a personal note from Michelle that said: "May the battles that we fight be for the advancement of humanity." I thought that was great and really kind of her. I really like the cover and I was eager to see what the book is really about, to get to the characters, their stories etc. So I started reading.From the beggining of the book you get the first taste of what's the story about. I was really sad from what was happening and I found myself wondering if I wanted to read it at all. I made the decision to finish the book. I don't usually read book of this genre and it felt kind of odd. As I kept reading I found myself guided by the book, by its story.I won't get into the story because I don't want to spoil it for you. I'll just say that it was a good read. It made me think a lot about humanity, about things I take for granded and other people dream of having, about the fights that I give and the fight other people give, fights for their lives and not to pass an exam (like I do). I don't mean that my fights are worthless but if I have to compare them to real fights (war, hunger, illness) then yes, I think my fights worth less.I reccomend this book to anyone. I leant about things I thought I knew. I got to know different cultures, different behaviours, different takes on life. Though I didn't agree with a lot of them, I didn't put myself in the position to judge. Everyone is different, everyone has the right to live however they want. But, also, not in expense of others.
5/5 stars, obviously.
This book has ideas that I'm already aboard with and others that I'm not sure on how I feel about yet -but I'm leaning too much on the positive side again. I understand everything Bucay says, believes, wants and does and they make sense to me -maybe too much sense. I saw myself in the behaviour he's writing about and it was weird to actually confirm how much I've changed over the years. I'm not done with myself yet, of course. How could I be?Some parts had me thinking and I still haven't made up my mind yet nor I believe that I will soon. I like thinking about my behaviour and others' and this book was kind of perfect for my current mood and thoughts, even though I didn't plan on reading it. A friend lend it to me because we talked about books in general so once I had it in my hands I couldn't let it wait because I wanted to return it as soon as possible. It was a good choice, nonetheless.P.S. Rating this book feels weird and I want to leave it blank but then leaving it blank feels weird because I always rate the books I read here. My OCD is kicking in and I'm not feeling too strong to fight it today, so 4/5 seems like a pretty good rating. P.P.S. My review is all over the place, like my thoughts. Read Bucay and you'll understand. :P
I've been meaning to read this book for years and I'm glad I did.
The art was amazing! I really liked the idea for the story too. It felt a bit rushed at some parts though.
Loved it! One of the best books I've ever read.
I have one and only one complaint and it's about my choice of reading this book during summer and not during winter. It's 32+ C outside and this book demands cold weather and hot drinks.I loved this story soooo much! I knew that Novik would deliver again because Uprooted was so good and I had faith in her writing. She came through once again, winning me over from the first pages. What I really love about Novik is that she writes standalone fantasy which is so rare to find. Her books are so full of magic, atmosphere, worldbuilding and such good written characters that I'm always left wanting more.12/10 would walk the silver road again.
I don't know why I didn't fall in love with this book. I really don't. It was in my tbr list so long and at last I got to read it. But as I was reading it I didn't feel as excited as I was expecting to be. To be honest, I didn't fell much. I didn't connect with the characters the way I do all the time. They didn't feel real to me, for some reason.It was a really good story but as I was reading it I caught myself thinking that I know that this is a story and someone wrote it. That almost never happens to me when I'm reading a book and when it does I end up not connectin with the characters, with their story and problems. I read the parts where I'm supposed to feel sad and I want to feel sad for them, but I don't. I just think, "This is really sad." Ugh! I hate when this happens.The one thing I know I did not like was (view spoiler)[ Death. Everytime Death talked I was thrown out of the story. It didn't feel right, to have Death talk so casually. It felt kind of fake. (hide spoiler)]Anyways, as I said, it's a good story and I hope you'll like it more than I did, if you read it. I know I'm going to read it once more in the future and maybe then it'll feel like 5 stars.
5/5 on a Pratchett book, what else is new? :P
So, yeah... I didn't really like the last book of the trilogy although I really liked the first one and I loved the second one.The story felt so slow paced and nothing "really" happened.It was like the first two books are rockets and this one is a bike with a flat tire. I couldn't connect with Zeb's story at all. I didn't even care a lot about him and now I get to read all those chapters about his life? No thanks. I'd rather read about Ren and Amanda, who are more important to me, and I've already connected with them in book 2. Zeb? Nah.I feel really sad about it because I waited a very long time to get my hands on this book and in the end I forced myself to read it. Maybe I'll re-read it in some years with the hope that I'll like it then.
This is one of the best books I've read this year and I'm so glad I decided to pick it up after wanting to read it for soooo long.A Natural History of Dragons was everything I needed and more. We're following (reading the diary of) Lady Isabella Trent who wishes to be a natural historian in an era that women have no place being scholars. She wants to study dragon physiology and anatomy, sketch them and find out everything there is to know about those beautiful and dangerous creatures that roam the sky.Marie Brennan is a wonderful writer and has created one of the most beloved, witty, brave, smart, adventurous, funny (I could go on and on) characters I've ever read. Isabella is everything that I would love to become if I had the chance to live in a different woman's shoes. The story is strong and continuous, the descriptions vivid and beautiful, the plot thickens and thickens, taking you to places that you never knew you needed to visit. The surrounding characters are also very well written -one of the other women was also a favorite of mine- and the dialogue was on point.I'm so glad this is a series and I will be continuing on reading Lady Trent's adventures and experiencing a different life -one that I'd love to be able to live in parallel universe- along with her.
I agree and that's that. It did not wow me in any way but the ideas where solid.
Books like this one remind me how big of an impact a good story can have on me.
I wanted to read something to give me all the feels and get me to that cozy-but-full-of-awesomeness-and-magic atmosphere that only Neil Gaiman can produce and yeah, it happened! This is the quickest story I've read this year but it was exactly what I needed this Saturday evening while sipping my hot tea with my cat sleeping next to me.
I've wanted to read this novella for years and years and I'm glad I finally did it. 2017 seems to be the year for me to read the books I've always wanted to but never have, for reasons unknown.So, this was as good as I expected it to be. Small, simple, threw me back into the Twilight Saga's world again. I met Bree and a few other newborns and in the end I got to see some of the characters I used to love soooo much (and I still do), the characters that made me realize how much I love reading. So, this was a good and comfy read for me. I had fun reading Bree's story and I enjoyed the time.Farewell, my friendly vampires. I guess this is really goodbye.
I love everything about this graphic novel. The art, the dialogue, the plot, the characters (especially Jessica) and I just want to read moooore!
I'm a week later to read this but I still got the christmas cheer to enjoy it.
I'm loving this series so much! It's so fun and adventurous and also full of heartfelt moments. I think I'm going to keep reading them until I'm out!
I am very pleased with my first pick of the year! I really enjoyde reading this bridge between the books. I didn't mind that it didn't have any action because this book wasn't about battle but the aftermath of one. We get some new information and some character development that was much needed before we could continue on with the next book.
Well that was amazing and funny and sad and smart and unique and imaginative and beautiful and... and... Gonna keep re-reading this for a long time. Really lovely.
I found that you can never go wrong with Tamora Pierce. I loved Daine's story and I cannot wait to get to know her better in the next books.
I just fall deeper and deeper in love with this world. I cannot wait to see what adventures is Daine going to go to and what enemies she faces in the next (and final! :O) book. Tortall rules.
It was a great "prequel" story and I cannot wait to read more of Mouse Guard!
I haven't read much but I like it so far. :) It continues right where the first book ended so it doesn't feel like a second book but more like a part 2 of the first book, to me at least. :)
The book was great! I finished it in two days. I couldn't let it off my hands. Richelle Mead created a world I wanted to explore and live in. I reccomend all the books from the "Vampire Academy" series.
Ok. So, my feelings are so mixed right now. I loved the book. I did. I really did and before I read the last chapter I was going to rate this with 5 stars. But the I read the last chapter and I was soooo furius at Syndey! Come on, Sydney! You did soooo many things that were out of line for you, your beliefs and Alchemist's beliefs but you...SPOILER ALERT!!!!!!!! DON'T KEEP READING IF YOU HAVEN'T READ THE WHOLE BOOK YET!!!... turned Andrian down??? Why??? I don't understand why you would do something like that! I really don't After all the things you've been through, after he told you the way he feels about you (speaking of which, it wouldn't hurt to say some things back) you decide to say no? Why???Ok, I got that out of my system. Moving on.The book was great. I loved the plot, the story and that I got to learn so many new things about the characters. I really like Syndey as the protagonist and I also like Jill, Eddie and Adrian (of course Adrian!) It was really funny when Jill said things to Sydney, like that she was beautiful and she was excellent at everything, etc because she got the felling from Adrian through the bond.I can't wait for the next book to come out!
This is the best book I've ever read and nothing will top it. Well, maybe Samantha's next "Roots of Chaos" book will but until then, I will keep praising this non stop.Multiple PoV's? Check. Out of this world character development? Check. Detailed and immersive world-building? Check and check. Female characters with a wide range of ages, backgrouds and wants/needs? Check. Male characters that act normal and are not bad-boy-mysterious-man-wannabe? Check. Representation? Check. Plot? CHECK.This book hits every spot. Samantha's writing is phenomenal. It's 880 pages long and it's so worth the time. Now I'm ready to re-read "Priory" just to be a part of this world again.
The art was amazing but the story felt a bit flat at some points.
10/5 stars. I love Becky Chambers and her characters. Yes, the setting and the plot is also 10/10 but the characters are to die for.If you want an introduction to her writing, this one is for you. Then you can dive into her awesome series (Wayfarers) and after that just wait for her to release anything new. You have an amazing experience in front of you. Don't miss it.
I loved Mort but I don't know why this one gets all the hype. I loved it as much as the first three books and I'm glad I started with Rincewind before diving into Mort. Terry Pratchett's books always feel like a treat because they are so fun, adventurous, smart and wholesome and everything you expect and more.
I felt like I was having a conversation with Carl Sagan. That says it all.
I read "The Art of War" out of pure curiosity. I don't have anything to do with war, I'm not a soldier or anything like that. But I found this book really good. Except some parts that seemed kind of "too much". But I can understand that if someone is desperate would surely use them. The book is so old but it's still modern. The art of war would never change. What may -and will- change is the equipment (guns and stuff) but the strategy seems the same, to me personally. And Sun Tzu knows about that. He knows a lot about that. He explains it so simply, as if he thought of it easily and there's nothing complicated about what you should do in every situation. And as you read the book you think that "Yes! That's what I would do" or "This is the best thing to do if..."I don't know if I'm explaining this the way I want but I think you get the general idea. It's a really good book. I can understand why it's a classic and I'd reccomend it to anyone. It's like 100 pages long so it won't take too much of your time if you think you won't like it.Anyways, that's about it. (Read the book! xD)
Maybe 4.5/5 stars because there were some things that I didn't "like" but all in all it was a great read and I'll read the second book soon!
This story just gets better and better! Alanna is such an inspiring character, along with her friends. I'm so glad I picked this series and I'll continue on reading Pierce's books after I finish the Song of the Lioness Quartet.
This volume felt a little bit rushed at some points (I wanted the thing not to be solved so fast) but I really enjoyed it as a whole. Kuvira got her much needed time and my OTP had a moment too. I'm kind of sad that it is over and I hope that there is going to be another story. The Legend of Korra is one of my all time favorite worlds and I'd love to be able to revisit it again and again. I feel like they are my friends and I really miss them. Until next time...
I decided to actually put this book to my DNFs because I don't really see myself picking it up again. It was fun in the first few pages but I didn't find myself wanting to open the book for a second time for some reason. Maybe it was just not the right book at that time. I might start reading it again in the future as I've enjoyed other books by Corteau. I had thin in my currently reading shelf for over a year now and I who am I kidding by letting it just sit there? Still trying not to feel bad by DNFing books but I'm getting there, I think.
Probably one of my favorite reads so far. Her writing style is out of this world.
That was so cute! <3 It was "scary" at some points (the pie incident) but I really liked the story along with the beautiful art. I'd love it if I'd read this when I was a kid.
I really loved the Wayfarers trilogy and I'm glad I picked it up at last. I enjoyed reading the 3rd book but it didn't make me feel like the first two -I didn't feel that excitement or eagerness to know everything about the characters. Don't get me wrong, the book was really good but having read the first two books back to back made it easier for me to compare them -even though I hate comparing books.I'm glad I've read this series and Becky Chambers better be writing more books! :D
This one requires a re-read for certain. I really loved it front to back. Thank you to the person that recommended it to me.
I LOVED IT AND I NEED MORE! Why did I do that to myself? Why did I read the 4 chapters like I didn't already know I'd probably need to read the whole book right away? I really liked Feyre and I get a "Celaena Sardothien" vibe from her. I know she's going to be awesome and badass! I can't wait! Also, I'd like to read more about the "Beast" guy for whom I've heard some good things (like super hot Fay who sometimes takes of his shirt kind of guy).Sarah, why are you doing this to me???
This book didn't really do the job for me. There were a few things that didn't click and the major one was Senlin. I didn't like him at the beginning and I didn't like him at the end. I liked the worldbuling of the Tower and the imagination put into it but it felt stiff with a lead like that. As much as I tried, I couldn't connect with Senlin at all and I'd rather see this whole story from Marya's point of view, to be honest.I don't know, I really wish this book swept me off my feet because I was saving it for a good moment. You can't have it all, can you?
This was one of the best series I've ever read. I'll try to write a small review about it later because I'm too full of emotions to do it right now.
This book convinced me that being an earthbender ain't that bad after all.
This is one of the few times that I've watched the movies first and then read the book (sooooo many years later, but still!). My best friend and I used to love that movie so much and back then we didn't even know there were books. Ten years later, here I am, having just finished this story and feeling nostalgia. I liked the book very much but the movie will have a unique place in my heart. It was a great read and I'd prefer not to have known the story in the first place but oh well!
This was my first Carrie Fisher book and it surely won't be the last.I really liked reading her stories and her diary logs. I've learnt a great lot about a great person and by reading her words I also learnt things about myself.I'm seeing reviews going "...This is not her best book..." etc and, you know, I'm really glad if it's not because that means that there's more of that treasure I read these past few days and I cannot wait to find it.
It's was exactly the book I needed to read after massive high fantasy stories. I enjoyed every page, I laughed and had fun reading this! It brought back memories from years long ago when I read the Uglies series with my mom and we talked about the books and enjoyed them together. I wouldn't change those feeling for the world and "Extras" reminded me that buddy-reading is awesome!
It is kind of crazy how much I wanted to read this book and like it and how much I ended up loving it. Thank the gods I waited 10 years to pick it up.Back in 2010 when I started really reading and I was trying to find my way through hundreds of fantasy books even though I ended up reading a lot of YA (and I regret nothing, I always read what I love) I saw the Malazan Book of the Fallen and I remember thinking: "This series is probably epic, being so popular and having 10 books. I'm going to read it soon." Also, one of my very best buddies started reading it around that time (maybe 2013) and she recommended it to me more times than I can count.Jumping to: 10 years later... :P I've read my fair share of books and mostly fantasy books and I'm very glad that I did not read Malazan back then. It was not a book for me. I wanted to read about YA romance with a twist of fantasy or dystopia and I did because I really liked it. My tastes have changed (reading and writing, these two go together) and I've read more popular "classic" fantasy. Some I loved, some I liked, some left me empty and I don't have any interest in continuing those series, but I won't have it any other way. Those books all those years shaped me as a reader and a writer and thankfully I was ready for Malazan.It starts off kind of "weird", putting me right into the middle of things and leaving me kind of wondering what the heck is doing on but with the best kind of way. It didn't put me off but exactly the opposite. I wanted to know everything and I mean it. I got to meet a lot of characters all at once and tried to understand their behaviour and how the acted to one another while their where in a was zone. Too much information all at once and it was glorious. Kudos Steven Erikson. (How the hell did you do it?)I won't get into detail about the story or the plot (I never do) but I'll say that I really liked this story even though there were a few (just a few) parts that I would prefer different writing style. That's just me though and they were so few that they don't really matter. All in all, it was 10/10 because of the story, the plot, the magic, the characters and the whole experience of figuring things out as I was being dragged by the ways of our characters' lives.P.S. I finished the book last night and today I found a coin on the pavement. I'm kind of scared and excited at the same time xD
Trelawney's prophecy said I'd rate this book 5 stars and it came to be true! *GASP*
** spoiler alert ** Umm... WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED IN THE END??? I thought my ebook was missing a few pages but no! That's how it ends. Well, that's how it doesn't end. I really liked the Trilogy as a whole but the ending? NO! Give me something more Lauren! Yes, I get that the point of the story are the walls people build to keep its other from happiness and keep them distant and that we should destroy them etc etc. It's a great message. The books where filled with great messages. But you chose to put something more, a little thing called love -and in this case a love tringle- and then you don't give me some kind of closure? Whyyyyyyyyy? Why do you want to torture me? You made me love your characters and made me feel what they felt but then BAM! Nothing. No real ending. I don't feel whole anymore, Lauren.Phew. I feel kind of -kind of!- better now that I got it out of me. Anyways, I'll make my own ending and think that Lena ended up with Alex and Julian found someone else to love and care about -maybe Hana? Or will it be too weird?- and everyone ends up living happily ever after. Oh, and Grace turns out to be as badass as Lena is -and a little bit more!
3.5 stars really. I felt it was kind of predictable but I had fun reading it. I love robots and cyborgs so I really liked Cinder and Iko. The story had action and romance but, like I said, it was pretty predictable. I'm going to read the second book in the future.
I wanted to read this since 2020 and here are, 3 years later, I finally did. I saw one of my friends reading vol.2 and I picked this one up to see what's it about without any expectations. I'm so glad I did. I loved it!Thank you for the reminder, Effie <3
Torn between 3 and 4 stars and I'm going to go with 3 for now. I want to read book 2 because this one left me thinking it has sooo much potential to be a great story up to the end. There were so things that I didn't like storywise but in general it was a good book that left me wanting to read more.
I've seen this book on some of my favorite bookstagram feeds and I had it recommended to me a lot of times but man, I didn't expect to love this book sooooo much! I'm hardcore fangirling right now and I cannot believe I've finished it and now I don't know what to do with my life except of keep holding the book (or let it rest on my lap while I'm typing this) and stare at it adoringly. <3This book was not just a very enjoyable story for me to read but it was also an experience (I don't know how else to express my feelings.) I saw myself in Taylor and Charlie too, some parts were like I was reading my thoughts and others were making so much sense even if I've never truly felt exaclty like that. I could understand them, and feel what they felt, be happy with them, sad and anxious and experience SupaCon alongside. Aaaaah, I love it so much! It's one of the best books I've read this year and I'm so glad I did.If you like amazing and relatable characters (even though you might not experience the world exactly like them it'll be like you understand what they are going through) and you like to fangirl and are into fandoms of all sorts then go and grab a copy of this inspiring story!
I've read many reviews for this book and I don't believe how close-minded the bookish community can be sometimes. I've see 1 star reviews of people that haven't even read the book or DNFed it at the very beginning because the main character was racist. They obviously have no idea what a character arc is, even though they've read 500+ books. Seriously? Some people see a hype train and jump right in, no judgement of their own.Reading is supposed to make us smarter, expand our horizons, make us think and use our freaking minds before accepting any claim. I won't go further into it, you get my point. I just wish those people rethink their actions and next time they are about to hate on something (book, movie or a person) they take a moment and think for themselves. Does this sound like something a human would do? Yes. Does it sound like the main character of a book would do the same thing? Yes. Those readers have so many things in common with Elloren and they don't even know it.You didn't really like the book based on plot and story? It's okay to give it 1 or 2 stars. But it's not okay to hate-rate it because it was cool, because someone else told you to, because you don't want to spend the time to read a book (why are you even here?) and just want to fill your goodreads goal with half-reads and fake-reads.4/5 stars because I felt that some parts were too long but all in all I liked this book, its characters and the worldbuilding. Also, you know, the damn character arcs were great if you took the time to actually read the book.
5/5 OH MY GOD!!! Samantha Shannon is a writing goddess!!!
This was a really great story! I loved the descriptions of the magic and the places. The characters were great and I already have two favorites that are not the protagonists. I wish that I had been read such amazing stories when I was a kid. It was a fun adventure, sometimes creepy and others funny and smart.
Again, I had to read this for work even though it's not my field but the boss told me to do it so what else could I do (I mean, he's really following the amazing books he's reading about being an amazing manager #NOT!). Anyway, solid advice but felt too long for someone like me who didn't want to read the book in the first place. Also, for people that have no idea about gold, some paragraphs make zero sense.
I liked this even more than the first one! :O What the whaaaat?!? Becky Chambers is a genius, the end.
So, I dove into this book without reading the blurb or knowing anything about the plot. I knew it was very popular and I always wanted to read something by Susanna Clarke (I have Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell on my bookshelf for *I won't say how many* years) and I chose this one because it's small.I really liked the way it was written and, I won't lie, I felt a bit creeped out at some points. It was unique and fresh and I really liked the mystery that unveiled in a rhythm that suited the story.
I feel a connection to this story on so many levels. I really love the characters and I cannot wait to see where the plot takes them. Maika is amazing.
If Aliette de Bodard would like an apprentice, a padawan of writing, a young woman that would cherish her every word of wisdom about writing such beautiful and detailed descriptions, about creating a world so full of everything, so imaginative and unique, with extraordinary characters that leave you dizzy with desire for more... well, I volunteer! I'll pack my cat and be on my way, Aliette! Just say the words (wink wink) and I'll be there.This may be one of the best books I've read in my life. I'll re-read this, I'll study this, I'll never stop thinking about this. How can she write like that? What the? Just teach me, Aliette. Okay? Please?
I've wanted to read this book for soooo long and now that I did... okay... It was okay. Sometimes I was on the edge of DNF it but I suffered through those parts and I did finish it. I probably won't be continuing on with this series because the things I didn't like were more that those I did.
The artwork was amazing but they story didn't really grip me as much as I'd hope it would. I like that I got to see a part of Jean and the Dark Phoenix that I haven't really known that much about and I might read more into it in the future. All in all, I had a good time reading this graphic novel and I don't regret it.
Okay, Susan outdid herself in this one (in a good way, of course)! I really loved Truthwitch and the worldbuilding and the characters but maaaaan Windwitch took everything on another level! <3
Obviously I didn't read this book in one day only but I hadn't updated my "currently reading" when I started it and I don't even remember when that was. So, here goes nothing.Everyone seems crazy about this trilogy (and everything else Schwab writes) but that is not the case for me. I really liked the first book but I felt like the trilogy was too much of the "same" thing. A Darker Shade of Magic was amazing and in my opinion would be a great standalone but A Gathering of Shadows and A Conjuring of Light felt like they had way more pages than needed. I'd love it as a duology with AGOS and ACOL being one book because AGOS felt like nothing happened and ACOL like everything happened but what I expected/needed to read didn't. I know why I didn't love these books as much as everyone does and I'm okay with that. We cannot all like the same things, right? It saddens me because I'd love to have felt all those feelings everyone did, love to be in love with all those characters. Well, what can you do? On to the next story.
I read the Hobbit one month before the movie so I'd have a clearer oppinion on the movie. I'm a fan of Tolkien and I intend to read the second and third book of the Lotr Trilogy.The Hobbit was an easy book to read and had a really easy plot line to follow. It was a fun read, in general. I liked the characters, their differences and the way they connected afterwards. It was funny in some parts and had a fairytail-ish style. I liked that it was that way. Not too serious, not to childish.Anyways, I can't really say much because I'll spoil the book for you. If you're a Tolkien fan you should read it (if you haven't read it yet) because you'll like it. If you're not a Tolkien fan, give it a try. You might like it after all.
Tehanu is kind of different considering the action in the other three books, but you never know what will happen until you get to the end. I really enjoyed reading it and I reccomend it to someone who got as far as the third book. Tehanu, also, discuses some things about life such as bad expiriences, bad luck or any bad things that can happen to a person and you get to see the reactions of the characters you met, how they handle the changes in their lives, how the treat one another, etc. It really gets you thinking about things that you wouldn't expect to.
I loved this Quarter so much! I'm a sucker for animal and human relationships and Daine is the best example of exactly what I wish to read about. I love Tamora Pierce's world of Tortall and I will of course continue on with the next series. I cannot wait to meet the next character and read about her adventures!
Great book. One of my favs. Hope you enjoy it!
Recommend it to all.
Really enjoyed it. It's the last of the series I'm currently collecting so I felt a bit sad. Totally worth my time.
I used to watch the cartoon series everyday. It was sweet to read about Moomins after all these years.
Spider-man is my favorite superhero so I was kind of disappointed with this one. They changed the story a bit but they were not changes I "wanted" to see. I'm not trying to be harsh but yeah, not a great comic book in my humble opinion.
Why are you doing this to me, Samantha? I crown you the most cruel writer to have walked the earth!Oof that novella was a wild ride. I loved it so much. Every part of it just hit all the right places. I really needed to read those scenes and see the mark they left on Paige.Again, Warden was there so...I cannot wait for book 4. I just can't
More Ciri please and a bit more Geralt slaying monsters. I liked the book and I really like this series. And also more Ciri please.
So... That was the end of The End...
I read the book after watching the movie. I was so curious to see how the book was, the way it was written, if it was as funny as the movie etc etc.From the beggining I understood I had to forget the movie completely, if I wanted to read this. I couldn't stop thinking, "Well, it wasn't like that in the movie!" I don't know why this happened to me. I usually don't mix up movies and books because they are two different things, but I couldn't help myself this time. I tried and tried to get the movie out of my head and at last I did! Then, I saw the true beauty of the book.Cecelia Ahern's writting is sooo funny and sooo sad. Sometimes considering differnet parts or circumstances in the story, sometimes in the same. She made me laugh out loud so many times and the she made me cry hard. How is this even possible? She is such a talented writer. I'm surely going to read some other books of hers.Anyways, the books has many different characters from the movie, which I found really odd at first but then they grew on me and I ended up loving them more that the movie characters. Holly is the same, of course, but you get to know her better. Her friends and family too. They are so funny! (and tragic sometimes).Well, I can't really think of anything else to say and I don't want to spoil the book for you. I reccomend it. It's a great book. You'll have a great time reading it. But remember to forget the movie. :)
Magonia was such a unique read! I didn't really expect it but I was fascinated by the writing style and the world building. I'd like to see that book turned into a movie! (I dare you film producers/screenwriters because this book seems really hard to adapt.)I liked the characters and the plot but it seemed kind of slow in the beginning. I thought it was a standalone but it's not and I realized it as soon as I finished it. I'll surely pick up the sequel in the future (along with all the sequels I've swore to read too) because I'm really curious to know what'll happen.
I received this book through goodreads for an honest review. Spefically through the "We ♥ YA Books!" group.I generally liked this book. It's my first mermaid book and I like that it jumped right into the point. I liked the plot and the pretty much all the characters. They may be 15-16 but they don't act like spoiled brats but like normal teenagers. I like some of the dialogs, especially Hailey's because she is one of those people who talk a lot and O'Sullivan's writing made me read it the way I would hear Hailey saying it, all at once with no spot for a breath. I liked Shea, he is a nice, gentle and smart boy whose actions I could understand.I liked the world the author created and the relationships between humans and mermaids. I liked the descriptions of Cape Cod and of the sea world, of course. They were vivid and a lot like what I'd imagine it to be. I liked the backstories and the "historical" facts of the sea world. They seemed real and true, like the could really happen.I'd reccomend this book to anyone who likes young adult fiction and would like to read a mermaid book. I rated it 3.5 stars because I'm not into young adult books that much anymore. Other than that, I think that whoever picks it up will have a fun read.
3,5/5 stars.I really liked this book sooo much up until about 50% and then I felt that it was okay. The general idea of the story is great and I still get goosebumps when I think about certain scenes but I'd like it more if it had fewer pages. A tigher story would had a more powerful grip on the reader, I think.All in all, it was an enjoyable read and I'm glad I read it now because I'm in my Halloween mood and the bad weather helped with me being scared af at some scenes. It was what I wanted and I got it, mostly.
I don't know how I should rate this one given that I have no great knowledge of poetry, especially Japanese poetry. The book was amazing in explaning the culture and the poets' backgrounds and I learnt a lot before I dived in to the poetry itself. I enjoyed the writing too much and I felt like most of them were so atmospheric and full of feelings that suited the past few days greatly. It was also smart and well written, witty and sad. I will get back to this book in the future (I believe autumn is the best season to read this book) because I wanna see how I'll feel about it then. Maybe I'll love it in a different way, maybe I'll love it the same.
If you strongly believe in God and are easily offended DO NOT READ THIS REVIEW! THOU HAST BEEN WARNED!----------------------------------------First of all, the book should be renamed to: The War of Art: Winning the Inner Creative Battle with God's Help.or (try to read it with one breath)The War of Art: Winning the Inner Creative Battle because there's only one path for you to follow, the one God gave you and you cannot change it or choose anything else because it is how it is and you should start creating something for the Almighty because you have to give something back to Him with the help of His trustful angels that guide you throughout the whole thing and you should be thankful for that and do not forget that everything you do is because He wants you to but you also have to work your butt of everyday in spite of all the things I've just said while it would be easier for God to just flick His fingers and do it than use you as a puppet and when the time comes to harvest your labour because He's the Master of the Puppets! (Metallica's song starts playing in the background)The second title is still work in progress but with His help I'm sure that I will find the right path to make it good and right and pure and heavenly. Where are some angels when you need them? Oh, I forgot, I can't hear them shouting their pleas at me to use my gifts and work towards my only path (set by God, mind you) when I'm succumbing to Resistance which Steven Pressfield compared to Hell. (Seriously? Am I reading a book about procrastination or a Supernatural fanfic?)Don't get me wrong, I don't mind people who believe in God nor I think less of them (I used to be one of them) but why so much talk about God in a non-fiction book? (Sorry about the joke, couldn't resist) But seriously now, I think he should have trimmed down some references to God and angels and focus more on the writing part. He says, work your butt of to be better but know that when you do it angels help you? I can't do it myself? Really? I need the help of angels to produce anything? Well, I'm an unworthy piece of human dung if I need constant help of God and God's assistants. The book had some good points (you have to look hard for them though), not new ones that I have never read before on the internet here and there from other artists too (who did not refer to God in every sentence), but nevertheless I will use them for my paper. I just felt that he jumped from one point to another with no reason. First, he says that we should write daily and practice our art, which is right in every way, and then he says we should put in use the gifts God gave us and produce something for him. In my opinion, these are two different things and should not be mixed. I felt like I was being brainwashed into believing that God gave me gifts/talents and I should give my work back to him and that angels are guiding me through my work. Really? I sit down everyday in front of my computer screen and squeeze my brain to think and push myself to write and be better and angels get the credit? I do all the work myself but angels and God are the ones that made me able to? Why would someone write something like that in a book about writing/creating? Why speak so specifically? He made people who believe in God appear awesome and powerful and great and full of potential and here I was looking at the sentences with a big question mark hanging above my head. What the whaaat? Make up your mind Steven, either I do the work and I get credit for it or God does and I don't have to work at all because he's almighty and with a flick of his fingers he can produce the work for me. It can't be both at the same time. Don't mix these things together.Steven doesn't believe in evolution, he doesn't believe that we humans create anything ourselves, but that only God gives so God has to receive something back. I'm not writing anything for God (either he exists or not), I'm writing myself and for myself. Steven tells us to do so many things and push ourselves but when we finally do it's only with God's guidance. What the hell? If God takes the time to help me write/create why doesn't he do it from the beginning and lets me rot in hell while I try to create something with all my power? Oh, because of free will and stuff! Yeah, right...I feel like I'm going to start talking about God and I don't want to because I'm sure I will offend someone (as if I haven't already) so I'll stop here. If you want to read this book and you don't believe in God try to think that all the things Steven says are told metaphorically (it's really hard to do it at some points though). If you can't finish it, it's ok, God will forgive your weakness. (Sorry, Resistance made me write that) Anyways, I'll read some more books about procrastination and writing and I hope they won't be God related (I still can't understand how Steven mixed them together xD)
Okay. This book was... okay? I liked it, I think but at the same time I also didn't? I don't know. I cannot rate this properly so 3/5 seems the right choice.I've taken the sacred oath of not finishing books I don't really like but, man, I had to give this one the best shot I could. People are still going crazy over this series and here I am (once again, Kelly Clarkson is singing) not liking it, to be honest. I'm not even sure what it was I didn't like because when I think about the story as a whole I feel like it was good. Maybe the idea of it was good but the writing wasn't for me. I couldn't really connect with the characters and it felt like the talked too much. The world-building and a lot of the descriptions were on point but in the end, this book just wasn't for me. I miiiiight try re-reading it the the future, in case I was not in the mood for something like this (even though it sounds awesome, doesn't it?) I'm kind of jealous of the people that loved this book because I wanted to be one too. *sighs*
It was a wild ride, Fireheart, and it was worth it.I've started ToG back in 2014 and it's been four years until now. Sometimes it feels like more, sometimes like less. What I really love abou this series is how much it grew over the years. I'm not only referring to the audience but most importantly to Sarah J. Maas as a writer. I think she made big steps from book one to book three and made us connect in a deeper level with the characters. ToG was not just a retelling anymore, it was something of its own.I have a few "negative" thoughts, mostly on the lenght of this book, but won't get into more detail. There are hundreds better reviews to read than mine but I'll say this. She did rattle the stars.
There's so much world-building and I cannot get enough of it. Maika is badass. The end.P.S. I think of this as a tell-tale game and I'm sure a lot of people would love to to play it. Someone make it happen, please? :P
I've seen this book on instagram a few times and all the reviews were great so I had my eye on it but I only read it now because a very close person recommended it. I didn't know what to expect and I won't lie, I was a bit nervous to read it because my genre is fantasy and I don't usually stray away from it (maybe I should from time to time). The story was so easy to follow but not in a bad way. I was hooked from the first pages! I felt connected with the main character and I loved Nana instantly. What a cat!The book takes us on a journey along with Satoru and Nana while Satoru is trying to find a new home for his beloved cat. They visit people and places from Satoru's past and we get a glimpse of this childhood. This premise wouldn't seem intriguing to me but it really really was such a great story! Arikawa knows what she's doing, she really does. I loved this book and all its characters. I felt warm, I laughed, I cried (a lot), I felt wholesome and I will remember th is story for a good while.
The art is absolutely amazing! What you'll find in this: A half ogress, lots of witches, mysterious mists in the forest, good fight scenes, magic and a nice plot to keep you wanting more.
It was such a great read! I had so much fun reading this book and getting to know this new world. Also, kickass characters were kickass :D I had some issues with a few major parts (like, the main plot) at first because I have not read a story taking place in that era but it grew up on me and then I was ready to have an adventure!
Torn between 4 and 5 stars for The Gospel of Loki. I'll go with 4, for now, but I might change it later. It was a really fun read and I enjoyed that huge dose of Loki! I've already read Runemarks (#2) because I didn't know there was a Book 1 so I know what happens next and that makes me want to read book 3, Runelight, soon. Let's see how 2017 goes with me finishing book series. So, if you're a fan of The Trickster, like Norse mythology and you're up for a very enjoyable read, pick this book up! You won't be disappointed.
I truly loved this one! It has great stories that are very different from one another and so unique! I have a few favorites that I'm going to be re-reading in the future for sure! It gave me those steampunk feels that I was looking for and I'd recommend it to anyone that likes steampunk or wants to see what the genre is about without the stories having to do with alternate history etc.
Monstress is hitting my every button. I love this so much and it's just getting better and better.
I loved how action packed this story was (I know every book is action packed but still!) and I had so much fun reading it and seeing all those different animals being a part of it. I cannot get enough of this world and I'm so glad there are so many more books for me to read.
I think the date I started reading this was late July but I don't remember exactly. It doesn't really matter because OH BOY! This book! There's no use for me to write a review when there are so many great reviews in here already so I'll just say that this book was as amazing as I expected it to be. Brando Sando did it again and I'm sure he'll keep doing it.
Shadow kiss... What can I say about Shadow Kiss??? First, I was GREAT! Second, you really learn a lot about the characters in this book and some things you (and them) were really missing. And so, the series is getting better and better. I reccomend all the books from the "Vampire Academy" series.
I don't know how to rate this! It's a demigod book and I should really like it but I didn't :/
With the way that Shadow Kiss ends, you really want to call Richelle Mead and ask her: "What the hell you were thinking???". Hahaha, I'm kiding! (or not!:P ) Anyways, Blood Promise takes you to the next level. You learn a lot of new things about Rose and you meet a new character that you really didn't expect to. I reccomend all the books from the "Vampire Academy" series.
If the awesomeness of this book is an omen of how 2024 will go for me then I'm gonna have the best year ever.
This was such a fun and interesting read! It is my first litRPG (as I saw people describe it) and I was not disappointed at all. It was funny and smart, had vivid descriptions and interesting characters. I didn't even "care" for the Twilight joke, I ended up finding it funny xDThis is an adventure of a 1 hit point Goblin that is different from the others and wants to change his life for the better. There are things in his way making it hard but Bert finds smart and unique ways to get over the obstacles by taking actions, meeting people/friends, being honest, helping and getting help in return and, the best thing, never giving up! I loved this trait about him.I also really liked Kit and all the characters of her party because they were unique in their own way. I found the trope idea to be amazing and I hope for future stories in this world. Kit's new trope suited her character better and made her more active and let her speak her mind. It got me thinking: do tropes ever get damaged? What would happen if a character equiped a "damaged" trope?It was a great adventure and I would recommend this book to anyone that likes RPG P&P games or wants to get a taste of them in the most unique, fun and funny way!
What the heck?!? This was wild! That's why Samantha Shannon is one of my favorite writers.
Wow! This is my first wow book of 2019! I didn't expect to like this book so much. I went in without knowing anything about the story (I skim read the blurb) and it was the best decision I made. I loved the characters sooooo much and the story was great too. Wayfafers' world building is so amazing and vast and vivid that I'm thirsty for more. I didn't plan on reading the second book right after finishing the first but I will.
I think I was too young to appreciate this book so I cannot really rate it. I will re-read it though soon.
I really liked it! I'll wait some months to read Cress so I won't have to wait too long for Winter. Go Cinder! :D
Wait... what?!?!? That book was so good! It was so funny and smart and full of action and so weirdly difficult to comprehend at some points that it really blew my mind!I've wanted to start reading the Discworld books for a looooong time, as they were the first fantasy books everyone lists to read asap when you start reading fantasy. But I was pretty much intimidated by the number of the books (around 40, if I remember correctly) and I couldn't find the "strength" to pick up the first book. At last, I decided that 2017 is going to be the year I'll read all the books I've been putting off, start new series etc, because I've almost finished all the book series I've ever started. And 2017 is amazing so far, let me tell you that.I braced myself as I picked up The Colour of Magic, not because it's a big book (it's a pretty much small book) but because the series it belongs is really big and Terry Pratchett was the biggest deal of all. I was afraid it was going to be another book everyone seems to enjoy and I end up either not liking for my personal reasons or not liking because I don't know why I didn't like it or because I didn't understand it. Whatever the reasons, I felt intimidated again. But, as I said, 2017 rules so far and I'm so glad I started reading this book because it ended up being soooo amazing and it's truly one of the best books I've read in 2017. I have only a few minor issues but I don't caaaare. (Is it clear that I loved it or not? xD)In the beginning I had some "issues" with the book, I won't lie. Mostly, it took me some time to understand the writing style and keep up with the stuff that was going on (too many names etc). But, as I took my sweet time to read this, the story sucked me right in! I started liking it so much I couldn't really believe it. It only got better and better and Pratchett's humor is really one of a kind.To sum up, I enjoyed this book more that I thought I would and I'm really glad I read it. I'll surely continue on with this series.
So, I've read the "first" Witcher book (Last Wish) back in 2012 and I really liked it but I couldn't find the next one anywhere so I kind of "forgot" about it. Flash forward to 2019 when the Witcher on Netflix reminded me of that book and on 2020 when I played the Witcher 3 video game which made me fall in love with the world and the characters (Ciri most of them all). I decided to get to know everything better and I'm glad I didn't read them way back then because I appreciate them more now.
"It's turtles all the way down." One of the best parts about reading a book, at least for me, is when I get to understand the title. On with the review!I really (reeeeaaally) enjoyed this book and I didn't expect it. I've read a few of John Green's books but I wouldn't dare say I'm his biggest fan. I like his stories but I'm mostly of a fantasy gal so I don't often choose contemporary. I didn't regret picking up this book at all. I also didn't expect for the descriptions of Aza's disorders to be so precise and right. Now I know that John Green suffers from those disorders too so that explains it. I won't go into detail about the situation going on in my head but if you're sometime not comfortable with your thoughts and actions (you get my meaning) I'm sure that you'll connect with Aza too. Weirdly, I felt really close to Daisy too, again for reasons there's no point in sharing here.I'm really happy I got to read this book and now I can carry Aza's and Daisy's stories along with so many others that remind me what it's like to be me.
I'm torn between one and two stars but I'll put two because I've put one in far worse books. This one at least had some good descriptions of places, the general world building was interesting and the story might expand better in the other books (not that I'm gonna read them anytime soon). The premise sounded awesome but the book itself... nah.I'm not gonna say much, just this: In 175 pages I found myself rolling my eyes a lot and being bored. The Princes smoked like there was no tomorrow (I know it's an old book but come on!) and kept calling women "stupid bitches", "bitches", "just bitches", "stupid" and the most remarkable thing a woman did was that she drank a shot like a man! Yoohoo! You go girl! Act like a great man and drink a shot of whiskey! LOL! Also, the princes of Amber are all mighty and powerful and can do amazing stuff with just thinking about them (when in fact they don't use their power to have what they all want, you know that big plot hole if you read the book too) and their sisters are just stupidly existing doing, you know, nothing or trying to be on the winning side or just act stupidly. They are just women and don't have any sense of accomplishment (as described in the book) or don't feel the want/need to rule Amber too. Why not? Because they are women? I don't buy that at all. You cannot tell me women don't have ambition to lead/rule/act/be a part of Amber and sit there and expect me to just nod and smile and read this like it's something worth spending my time with. Nope.The end.
4,5/5 stars.I savored every sentence of this story.
I just finished reading this book. Clearly, I am out of words. I will try to write a short review about it soon because I cannot do that right now. Exceptional story. Just read it.
This is not a review. This is just me telling you to read this book! It was amazing! Seriously, it was perfect. If you read the first one and kind of liked it (like I did. I liked it but I didn't go crazy about it - as I'm going about the sequel now) then you should absolutely read the second one. It's soooo much better than the first. I promise you are going to love it. I'm not going to say anything more, just give it a try and you won't be disappointed.PURE 5/5 stars. Go Celaena! :D
I loved this book so much! I didn't want it to end but now I'll carry this story with me, forever and ever. The Witchlands is clearly becoming one of my favorite series of all time and I'm so glad I've been with Susan from day 1.I cannot stress enough how much this story means to me and it won't really matter to anyone but hear this: Susan Dennard is an amazing writer and she is building one of the best fantasy worlds I've lived in! She really deserves more attention and I hope she gets it soon. She's becoming a better storyteller/writer/world-builder/call her anything you want, she's a mage of the page. We need more inspiring writers like her.(Maybe she's a Weaver of yarns, if you get my joke that means we can be friends. Or my joke is bad but that's okay to, I guess).
I really enjoyed this book. Anna Kendrick is as funny on paper as she seems irl, which is true because this is an autobiography and I should just stop writing now. *laughs awkwardly*Anyway, if you find Anna funny then you'll surely like her book.
I wanted to read it for a loooong time. I thought it was ok but for the first time in my life I think I liked the movie better.
I recently found out about this comic book and the artwork caught my attention immediately. I'm really glad I read it because it was truly beautiful. The plot may have moved forward faster that I'd like but the artwork was absolutely gorgeous. It gets you right in the middle of things so you can learn a lot of information through the plot and there are not to many info-dumps, so that was also a good thing. I really liked the whole idea of the Mouse Guard, why it was formed, what's "wrong" with it now, how it can be fixed and, most of all, what can the mice do to survive from the vast dangers that surround them. The mice have a culture of their own and it looks very interesting and full of things I'd love to learn.
edit/after reading it: I got to read it after all (even though I didn't win a copy) and I really enjoyed it! It was a great story with very interesting characters and very vivid descriptions. I'll surely read the second book when it comes out. (view spoiler)[ I loved Giselle's relationship with Baltair and I want to see how it'll grow now that she'll be his Flier! Go Giselle! :D I also want to see what will happen with Corran now that he's changed but is kind of betrayed by Frang... :( Come on Frang, I excepted more of you! (hide spoiler)]Anyways, this is a great book and a very fun and interesting read. If you come across it, give it a try and you won't be disappointed.P.S. @Laura Harris: I hope you're in your house writing the second book day and night! And if you'd like a beta reader I'd love to be one. :P------------------------------------------------------------I really really really want to read this book!!! Come on Gods of Goodreads! Hear my prayer! Let me win this book! Give me this story to read and I promise I will enjoy it cause there's no way I wouldn't enjoy and love this book!*fingers crossed*
Really glad to start the year with Avatar Korra. She's one of my favorite characters and it was nice to see Kuvira again. I cannot wait to find out what happens next and how they'll convince that character to join Team Avatar again!Also, my OTP had a moment <3
I need to think about this book because I can't really rate it right now. 3/5 stars seem okay but I'm not sure yet.
I loooooved this book! It was a fresh story, told from different points of view which makes you bond so well with the characters. I really liked all the characters and they were so well drawn. The magic system was great and with a unique twist to it that makes a big difference in the world-building. The story itself and the plot seemed like every other Chosen-One story in the beginning but it really wasn't. It develops and changes with such a well crafted way.I recommend this book to anyone who liked the Simon Snow parts in Fangirl and also is a Potterhead, or generally someone who likes beautifully written Chosen-One stories.
I liked it a lot but there were some parts that felt kind of cheesy and I believe that the story would be stronger without the whole Cinderella retelling thing. All in all, it was a fun read that spoke to my inner fangirl/geek.
I really, REALLY, enjoyed this story! Samantha Shannon is one of my favorite writers and I've wanted to read this book since the day she announced it. It's huge but it was worth my every second.
Great ending to the series. Makes me wanna replay Wither 3 sooo bad.
Obviously this book gets 5 stars and obviously I need to read it again to fully comprehend everything and be able to explain what I learnt to someone. So, I'm going to be re-reading this soon!
Oh my god! This is one of the best books I've ever read! I really wasn't expecting to like it so much. I know that it's kind of long, 617 pages, but I didn't get tired or bored at all! Not even once!I loved the characters. Everyone was so unique and interesting that I wanted to get to know them more and more. I knew some things about the plot but I really couldn't imagine it would be like that. It was so interesting. It's like a new perspective of the human kind. I read about things I knew and saw in my everyday life, but have never really gave them any thought. The book made me think a lot, about me, about my friends and family and about us humans in general. How I'm treating people, how I like to be treated, what I could/should change in my behaviour etc.Anyways, I won't get into discussing the characters or the plot because I don't want to spoil it for you. I just want to tell you that the story is unique and so full of feelings. I don't know if I'm making any sense but I hope I am. To whoever decides to read it, enjoy!
I just found out about these books. I cannot believe that the author of the series is forced to write the final books of her story as fanfic. Her ex-publishers are disgusting, greedy and awful people. I'm glad L.J. got at least this opportunity to write the rest of her story. I'm really happy that I will finaly have an ending to the Vampire Diaries. Her ending, the right and true ending, and not the false one that the publishers/producers/wanna-be-rich-as-hell-people want us to mindlessly read. I watched the tv series from the beginning and I tried not to mind the differences, but as the story continued I realised it's not at all the same. I twas not the great, creepy, twisted, beautiful and unique world that L.J. had created, or the vivid characters I met between the pages of her books. No, it was becoming something very different. Then, I read a blog post about what the publishers did to her and stopped watching the series almost instantly. Why? Because the book publishers and the tv-series production did this to her, together. The tv-series was taking on a different road and the tv-series fanbase loved it. The tv-series fans wanted the characters to feel differently that they felt in the books. So what did the publishers do? Snatch the story out of her hands and give it to some ghost writer to finish as the fanbase wanted. God, they are stupid and greedy as f***! Nobody stopped to think about the books fans, the people that loved this story for so many years and surely the first ones to start watching the series. No, of course not. When money talks, logics fails to be heard.Anyway, my thoughts are getting out of hand. This was not something that I planned on writing. I just wanted to say that I'm going to read L.J.'s ending and finaly get my closure, as I stopped reading after I finished Midnight, which was the last book she herself wrote.Thank you L.J. for doing this for us. I loved the world you created and now I get to have my ending, at last.
This is my first WoW book and I really enjoyed it. The writing was really good and I'm glad to have picked it up at last.
Okay, it may be kind of slow in the middle part but that ending was BOOM! Hell yeah, Robin Hobb! I cannot wait to read book 3!
Somewhere between 2 and 2,5 stars.As you can see, I've started reading Grey on November 2015 (I cannot remember the exact date so I just put the 25th) and finished it today. It wasn't the worst book I've read this year but it wasn't 50-Shades-of-Grey-good. It was nice to know Christian (pun intended) but that was that. I liked it better from Ana's POV because Christian's felt kind of sexist at some points. I continued reading it slowly, only when I just wanted an easy read, because I've read the trilogy and I know Christian's arc. Otherwise, I think I'd DNF it or skim through it.
I've wanted to read this book for quite some time. I was not disappointed at all! I really liked the world-building and the magic. The characters grew more likable by the page and in the end I was left wanting more. It seems like a story for kids but trust me when I say that I was glad I wasn't alone while reading some specific parts.I'll surely read the next books. It was too much fun and I enjoyed reading this story a lot to pass on the chance for more adventures of Kendra and Seth. There are too many things left "unanswered" and I'm sure that we'll learn a lot about the preserve, the magical creatures and the humans living there too, in the next books. I cannot wait!
Oh, holy smell of books, this was one of the best books I've read in my entire life! :O I cannot begin to tell you what I loved because I'd just have to copy-paste the whole book! Seriously, read this and you will not regret your choice. I picked this up because I wanted to read a standalone after a long time of reading series and now I'm cursing myself and Naomi Novik for not making this a series! xD Joking, of course. I believe that one of the reasons I liked it so much was because it was a standalone and it didn't drag even a liiiiitle! I'll surely pick up some of her other books because if she writes like that I'd be a fool not to.
Umm... More please? :P
What can I say about the Silmarillion that has not been said before?This book had so many stories in it that kept me thinking that if I could bring a person back to life, I would choose Tolkien. He had so many stories to tell, to share with the world, that he deserved immortality just for that. I cannot remember all the names for the life of me but I don't think that Tolkien aimed for the reader to remember the names of the characters or the places in just one read. He built a whole world and from his writing you can tell that he knows what he's talking about and he's not just dropping names and events, they seem to be all true.This is a book I'll be re-reading for the rest of my life because I think that every time I do, I'll discover something new (maybe a detail I missed or a character to give more attention to) and that's a magical thing for a writer to accomplish.
Well done, Victoria. I will remember Addie for a long time.Maybe it's 4-4.5/5 but I don't want to start getting caught up with the whole stars rating thing. I liked it a lot. I loved some parts. Some parts ruined me. Some gave me an uncertain feeling. It sure does deserve the attention it's getting and I'm glad I met Addie.
After watching "Scavengers Reign" back in October 2023, I needed something to fill the gap it left. I searched for a book that had a similar atmosphere, and Borne was popping up a lot, so I gave it a try. It touched on some of the show's subjects, but Borne was different in many other aspects overall. It was a good book. I had fun reading it and it filled the gap just a bit. I liked the overall atmosphere and the world setting. Borne was very interesting to read about.
Wow, I really loved The Stonekeeper! It was a really fun and great adventure and the artwork was gorgeous. I liked the siblings and the secondary characters a lot and I think they have so much potential to grow and show us what they can really do. The world-building seems very creative and I liked that there is magic and science involved at the same time. I kept finding myself starting at the panels and just enjoying the colours and the art. It looks "simple" but it doesn't feel that way. It's so full of life! (I don't know how else to express the feeling).It's exactly what I was looking for at this particular time of my life from a graphic novel and I'm really glad I found it here on goodreads and decided to pick it up. I'm going to continue reading these novels and I think I'm going to be done with them really fast because the story flows like water through my hands, in the good way of course.
I really liked the uniqueness of Patrick's idea and I feel like he executed it perfectly. I was kind of expecting something different storywise (from all the different "reviews" I've read/hear) but I was not disappointed in the end. The characters were amazingly written and Mikey's condition was described right on point, in my opinion. All in all, it was a really enjoyable read and I'm glad I picked it up from my huge tbr.
4.5/5 stars because I felt that some parts of the story were rushed and I wanted moooooore!I really enjoyed this book much more than I thought I would. A few of my goodreads friends have read it but I stumbled upon it because someone recommended to me due to its steampunk and magic elements. I thought I'd give it a shot because it sounds good but it was a great read and a series I'll be definitely continuing on with.At first, the story seems to be about the main character, Timothy, and I felt a connection with another character, Leander the mage, but I didn't hope to learn a lot about him because, you know, he's not the main character and all that. But no! We get to meet a lot of new characters, from races and species that seem amazing and very interesting, see vividly described places and read some beautiful written battles scenes.I loved the general idea of the book (in a world full of magic lives a kid that is unable to do magic) but it's not only about that. Timothy is an intelligent young boy who learns to use and develop his other talents, who is kind and humble, who wants to better himself and protect the people he cares about. I won't get into more details because I don't want to spoil anything. I'd recommend this book to anyone who likes steampunk and magic, enjoys good writing and wants to spend a few hours with a group of characters that'll grow on them before they even know it.
I loved it! Finished it in one day because I couldn't put it down. The anime was one of my favorites but the book is sooooooo much better! Go Sophie! :D
So much greatness in so few pages! <3
Watching the book trailer made me want to read it so much I couldn't wait for the release date to come. On August 20 I got my hands on it and started reading immediatelly. The Bone Season was everything I expected and a lot more. It's exactly the kind of book that I love. I loved the story, the plot, the characters, the ideas, the whole world.It takes place in our world but with a twist. It's the year 2059 and the place is London. From one side are the regular, normal people and from the other side are the clairvoyants, humans like us but with special powers that enable them to be in touch with the aether, where spirits roam. There are several types of clairvoyants and each of them can do different things. A clairvoyant can sense other clairvoyant's gifts via their auras. We follow the wereabouts of Paige Mahoney, a clairvoyant with a really special and rare gift. Paige is forced to use her powers against humans officers when they corner her and want to arrest her, just for being what she is. That's because it's forbidden to be clairvoyant and live your life as you want to. You have to live by the rules, rules that are not fair. You are considered "sick" and you have to be restrained so you do not harm the others. As Paige flees the crime scene she doesn't understand that using her gift out in the open turned the attention of certain creatures towards her. After seeing what she could do they won't stop until she belongs to them.I won't go further into the book. What I wrote is what I'd like someone to tell me so I'd get the feeling of the book and make up my mind as if to read it or not. I'd truly reccomend it to anyone who likes young adult fantasy or anyone at all! (That's how much I loved this book!) Oh! It's the first book of the series so if you decide to read it bear in mind that you'll have to wait to read the next book.Anyways, I hope I persuaded someone to check this book out. :) Sorry if my English is wrong at some points. (It's not my mother tongue)~Chris
As Neil Gaiman said, in the prologue of Dogsbody: "I hope it made you happy and sad."He's talking about the end of the book but I think the quote applies to the whole story. I loved it. I was funny, smart, sad and I really enjoyed reading it. It's a unique story, from dog's view point and that might sound weird but Diana W. Jones is an awesome writer and made that point of view happen.I can't say more because I don't want to spoil the story. I recommend this to anyone who likes dogs and/or enjoys a really good and unique story.
I enjoy reading about Avatar Korra too much and I cannot get enough of her adventures. Part three gave us another glimpse of Republic city and the spirit portal which was amazing once again. A lot of things happened in this volume and the story moved forward in a way that left me with a huge smile on my face that will take some time to fade.More Korra, please!
I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Leigh Bardugo will always be one of my favourite writers because she can write stories like these. I've read a lot of retellings of fairytales and fables but none that made me lose myself in them like it was the very first time I've read them. I loved each and every one of them and I'm glad I savored them.I would recommend this book to anyone that enjoyed good writing, preferable with the company of a warm cup of tea and buried beneath blankets on cold winter days.
I enjoyed this soooo much!
It was as fun, unique and refreshing as I've heard and I thoroughly enjoyed it!
As everyone, I have so many books on my tbr I'm dying to read that I shouldn't really let myself be distracted by new releases. Oh well!I loved this one! I'm so glad I picked it up! Sanderson is one of my favorite authors (can't you already tell? :P ) and I really want to read all his books but I thought I'd let him go for a while so I can keep on with other writers and not start another one of his series. But then Skyward gets released and it sounds too good to pass. Also I wanted to get more into some scifi books (recommendations are always appreciated) so I did it and I regret nothing.Am I mad on myself for starting a new series that just came out? Yes. Was the story so amazing that I don't really care about all the series that are on wait? Yes!
I love Strike. I love Robin. This story was so close to Cormoran's life that I got so many details I knew I wanted to know and in the same time, as Robin ans Strike's friendship/partnership grows, I got to learn more about Robin and maaaaan I loved it so much! I've always liked Robin as a character and I wished that J.K. would provide us with more info about her life in general and she did! This book has backstories for both Strike and Robin and I couldn't get enough of it. Mooooore please!
Sunday morning read that gets 5/5 because Carol Danvers is awesome! I'm really hyped about the last Avengers movie coming out in a few weeks and this volume was all I needed to quench my thirst until then.
Pal being a know-it-all while Cam's comment in the end killed me is what I got from this and I loved it.
I really liked this one too. It's might be a 4 or 4.5 out of 5 but, yeah, the star rating system is getting on my nerves somedays so 5 it is.I'm probably just a liiiittle bit obsessed with the Witcher universe because I'm still trying to fill the hole that Witcher 3: Wild Hunt left inside me so I'm glad there are more stories for me to read.
There are book series you like, book series you love and book series you cherish so much that they hold a special place in your heart. The Witchlands, for me, is so much more than that. I don’t think I will ever find the words to describe what this series means to me and what Susan’s words make me feel.Iseult has been my favorite character (even though it’s very hard to choose just one character from that cast -Vivia, Ryber, Stix and Safi being on the top 5 along with Iz) and I overly enjoyed this book. It was everything I hoped it would be and so much more. We learn a lot about the world and our characters, we see them grow in different ways. Some bend and try their hardest not to break, others fight until the very end and try to conceal their mistakes and all the times they felt the ground disappear underneath their feet. Every single one of the chapters adds something to the characters and/or story and/or plot. There are no fillers, there are no “empty” pages. And that’s how Sooz rolls!I love the way Susan’s writing immerses me into her world and subtly guides me through the story. There’s no info dump but more like a discovery phase where I get to learn things along with the characters. That’s one of my favorite writing techniques even though sometimes it makes it harder to follow, it always feels more rewarding in the end when I’ve pieced everything together slowly and full of excitement. In this book we get to see how deep the worldbuiling is and how amazingly the lore is weaved.I don’t want to spoil anything so I’ll keep this short. Susan Dennard is one of my favorite writers and this book just confirms my feelings once more.
I'm a bit late to the party but oh well
I really wish I've read this during the winter and preferably Halloween period. Damn it...I think it started kind of slow but then King rewarded me with an amazing story! I'm not the most loyal King reader but he never disappoints me! Although, I really believe that I should have picked this up during autumn or winter but oh well...
I loved getting to know Kyoshi and how she became such a great figure in the Avatar universe. I really liked the beginning of her story, and I cannot wait to read the rest. She wasn't what I thought she'd be, and I really enjoyed being surprised like this.
5/5 of course, there's no other rating for Harry Potter in my opinion. I haven't read it for ten years and I'm glad I decided to re-read the series. I loved it, I love it, and I will always love it.
I ended up editing my review and giving it 2 stars. I can't say I really liked it. It had great world-building but I couldn't connect with the characters and the writing didn't help me at all. I've read that the first book had that impact on many people and that the second and third are better written so I'll try them in the future (very distant future).
I loved it! It was sooooooo good! I couldn't put it down! I read all day long and until I couldn't keep my eyes open any more. Then I woke up early and picked it up again. I tried to read it slowly because I didn't want it to end but it was so good that I just couldn't slow down! I don't know what to do with my life now. All I think about is those beautiful characters and places, the dialogues, the jokes, the magic... *sigh* Sarah J. Maas is ruining my life! xD
I'm glad I waited all these years to read this story. I feel like I appreciated it more now than I would have in the past. I loved the world and the artwork so much. I really like Maika and I want to know what the heck is going to happen. That ending left me wanting more but I'll try to savor this story and not binge read it. (One volume per day isn't that bad, is it? xD)The world seemed very rich and full of powers I want to understand and learn about. I adore magic mixed with some steampunk/dieselpunk/whateveryouwishtocallitpunk elements and Maika's mechanical hand makes me think of one of my characters that has one too (but she's not that badass, though. Not yet, at least). This is an atmosphere I love to get lost into and learn to create too. 10/10 I will read this again.P.S. For some weird reason, all the talk about the hunger made me hungry too. This is a bad sign but I will ignore it :P
4.5/5 starsIf it had more pages and descriptions it would be a solid 5/5! I really liked this book but it felt short. I love the tv series and I'd love to read the sequels. I liked that you see what's happening from Emma's and Snow's point of view. You maybe hear about some stories from Henry only but you really get to know Emma and Snow.If you love the show and miss the first season you'll definitely like the book. If you read the book and like it, you should watch the tv series cause you are going to love it! :)
This was by far the most surprisingly and peculiarly amazing book I've read this year! It was everything I needed this week to get me through some changes in my life and it was the best company I could ask for. It brought me comfort, made me laugh, made me wonder what was going on and kept me interested in every single page. It was so unique and well written and I was constantly thinking about Sourdough and break and Lois and everything else that was happening! I loved this story so much and I really enjoyed reading it, as you can clearly see. If all of Robin Sloan's book are like this one then I'm going to be his number one fan.
I won't compare it with the first book because this story was different in its core. I liked some parts of it way too much, others left me feeling neutral. All in all, I always enjoy reading about Simon, Baz and Co. so I'm glad I did. I needed something like this, easy and soothing.
I really enjoyed Gideon the Ninth even though we had a rough start. I don’t know why but in the first chapters I had a feeling that this book wasn’t doing it for me but I’m so glad that I kept reading because I had such a good time. It was refreshing and witty and somewhat weird but in a good way. I loved Gideon’s character, her remarks and sassiness and also her bravery and her big heart. Also those fight scenes where so good and the pacing was perfect, building plot and character along with giving us some good ol' action.Necromancy is the main focus of the book and Tamsyn Muir did a great job on creating a vivid world and a setting where it would be perfect for Necromancers and their companions to take action. There are a few points in the book (mostly dialogue) where some sentences may feel out of place but I didn’t mind them because I felt like Gideon would be the person who’d say those things. It’s Gideon. She made it work. (And Harrow. She made it work too).I cannot wait to read the sequel! I just can't-
After I finished Vampire Academy Book 1, I run to the bookstore and got the second book. I was so eager to know what happens next. The second book reveals more of one of the most exciting worlds I have read about. And the best thing is that you meet a new and very interesting character! I reccomend all the books from the "Vampire Academy" series.
I really liked this book because I found it very uniquely written, interesting and different from what I expected. It made me think and gave me lots of ideas for fun and interesting conversations.
I had to read this for work. It was okay.
Vol. 3 and Vol. 4 were purely awesome. Can't wait for chapter 25!
This was a very thought-provoking read. I don't know if I have the words (if I'll ever have the words) to describe what's going on in my head right now.I really liked some parts and I disliked others, not because of the things women ended up doing but from the way the plot moved. There were a few times when I thought "I wouldn't write it that way" and there are so few books that ever got me to that state. I know that this is a "delicate" subject (what would women do if they got The Power? What would I do if I got It?) and Alderman did really show us a few possible outcomes but they didn't satisfy me. I was expecting more, not from all the hype the book got because it's a very good read all in all, but from the feeling I got when I started reading the book and each individual story. I don't know where I'm going with this review because if you asked me if I liked the book I'll say "Yes and no but mostly yes and a bit of no here and there" :P Was this what Alderman wanted to accomplish? Make us see that again there is no balance? That it'll be chaos before the world can breath again after a big change? What would you do if you got The Power? Answer truthfully and then ask yourself if you'd like the person you'd become. I know I wouldn't. Isn't this the thing, though? How messed up the world is right now that it would make some of us (me, hand on my heart, it would be me) monsters because of all the injustice we see around us and there's nothing we can do to stop it?I keep adding more and more to this review and end up deleting it (6-7 paragraphs already) because it's just random thoughts and some of it is just not right for a review but more for an open conversation. This is maybe the worst review for the book because I still cannot gather my thoughts but at least I know it made me think and that is always a good thing.
Wow... well, that was a great memoir! I had no idea that Felicia Day has done soooo many things in the past. I really respect her (not that I didn't, but now I know why I should) and would love to meet her in person so we could be awkward together and not talk at all to one another! :P I knew her from Supernatural and Geek and Sundry but I had literally no other clue about her.This book was funny, sad, geeky and very honest. I loved Felicia's honesty and courage to write all those things about her personal life so she could give us an idea of what she went through to be where she is now. I loved every part of it -the stories from her childhood and those awkward situations of her adult life. I found myself agreeing with almost everything she said (well, it might be truly everything she said!) and I could empathize with her life.Never give up Felicia Day! You are awesome!
I really like this book. I love the way Richelle writes and I've miss it since I read Vampire Academy 3 years ago. One of my friends who likes Richelle Mead too pushed me to start reading the Bloodlines series and she was right. I loved it and it made me remember how much I love the world that Richelle has created.I liked the plot and the characters of course. I liked Sydney and the way that she is soooo much different than Rose. I can't really decide who I like the most as a narrative. I like that Syndey was so intelligent and knew so much stuff and used the things she knew in many circumstances. I liked that she was logical, didn't make fast conclutions and always put others' needs in front of hers.I won't say anything more because I don't want to spoil the book for you. Oh, all right! I'll say one more thing.ADRIAN!Yes, Adrian is such an interesting character and you really want to know more about him. (And he's hot! There. I said it. :P )Anyways, if you liked the Vampire Academy you'll surely like the Bloodlines series too. If you didn't like the Vampire Academy I'm asking you to give Bloodlines a shot too because you never know, you may like it.
I loved the artwork so much! The story felt a bit rushed at some points but overall we got to meet some new characters and learn some new things. Cannot wait for vol.3!
Great and detailed instructions about creating an amazing fantasy map! It gave me a lot of ideas and I'll try to implement them on my own map.
I liked this book and of course Jen Wilde has written amazing diverse characters but the story didn't make me feel as "immersed" as I'd hope. I still enjoyed reading it and learn a lot of things that I would never hear because of the place that I'm living.I had a problem with the character development or with characters motives but I decided not to mind it too much because I really wanted to finish this story. I think that Jen has her own style and the stories she writes are unique because of the way she handles diversity and the whole behaviour around it so her books are worth reading.
Well, I looooove Alice in Wonderland. I'm a huge fan since I can remember myself. I've seen the cartoon like a 1000000 times. I don't know why I haven't read it years ago. Stupid of me, I suppose.Anyways, if you liked the cartoon you'll love the book. Alice is such an interesting and a very unique character. Mad Hatter is so crazy that he makes more sense than Alice (and me), sometimees. Also, the Cheshire Cat reminds me of someone I know, which makes him more loveble.I liked that it made no sense in some parts and the way it made no sense made it make sense. Well, now I don't make sense! :P I'd reccomend this book to anyone. Children will love it and adults too. I wish I've read it years ago. I think my life would make more sense if I had. :P
I am not sure how to rate a book like this one. I'm not a master of History nor Biology etc and I think that the things I read need time to sink in so I can have a more complete opinion but generally I liked the way this book is written and how Harari's opinions are presented. It's clear and as simple as it can be so I enjoyed reading it even though I didn't always agree with him. It made me think and it'll keep making me think about Sapiens for a loooong time and that's one of the most amazing things about books like this one. So, yeah, 4/5 seems fitting as I enjoyed the whole book but I don't agree with everything I read. This is a book that's worth a re-read in the future and it'll be a good experiment for me to see if my opinions have changed or not, and how and why.
"It was amazing" doesn't even begin to cover how good this book was! Seriously, I did not expect to love this series so much. I was not thrilled with the first book but when I read the second I fell in love with it and now that I finished the third I can clearly and trully say that it's on of my favorite books of all time. I'm not exaggerating, I promise. Sarah's writting is so damn good and she keeps getting better and better at it. The story unveils like silk and the world she created is so fresh (at least to me) that it's making my heart race. I cannot wait for the fourth book and I feel a hole in my heart now that I have to part ways with this story for some time.
This story was so good! I've missed His Dark Materials universe so much. Only bad thing is, I have to wait for the next book. xD I've promised myself to only read series that have ended for soooo many times and I always break that promise. Oh well...
I think this is a very important book but I'm not sure it's "the best" book out there on these subjects. I cannot make up my mind because I have not read any other similar books (recommendations appreciated) and the 4/5 stars are because I felt it was a bit bigger than it had to be. Some parts of the story felt too stretched and some others felt kind of weird. I'm not sure what I think about those parts (racism goes any way and I read some racist parts from individuals that I didn't expect to) so I'll take my time.It surely is thought provoking so I'm glad I ended up reading it but I need to expand my horizon on this genre.
4.5/5 stars would be more fitting but oh well...So, I'm glad I picked to read this book because I really liked it. I haven't seen much wlw fantasy books/series so I was intrigued by the genre and the premise too.I liked that the characters were not black or white but had different shades of grey on each of their actions. I went from liking Touraine to liking Luca to liking mostly everyone on the cast for different reasons. I also liked that the romance was not as dominant as I thought it would be but more of a small extra. The magic is there, subtle at times, more prominent at other times. The book had good balance for me.All in all, I really enjoyed reading this story and I surely will continue on with the series!
This is a book I've been hearing a lot about for years and years. I cannot rate it cause my feelings are really mixed up. I liked it a lot but giving it 3 or 4 or 5 stars seems kind of pointless right now. I know I'm not making any sense but it is how it is.
*The Goodreads group "Shut Up & Read" (Read It & Reap) sent me a copy in exchange for an honest review.*I'd put 3/5 stars because I think it might need a little more editing (in my opinion, I'll elaborate next) but it had one of the greatest points in the history of points. Really, though!In this book, Beauty reads about sex and is excited to have a sexual relationship with a man BECAUSE SHE FEELS LIKE IT! Yes, women want/think about/need sex as much as men do and Rosetta Bloom wrote about it. Beauty has sexual needs and I've never been more happy to read something like that! Good job, Rosetta Bloom! We mostly often read about how much a man wants to have sex with a woman and the woman from the other side is kind of like: "Yes, I might want it too, I'm not really sure, I won't tell him that I have sex needs too, he might think I'm a ***** etc." But in this book, NO! Beauty wants and beauty takes. Of course she might be shy in the beginning but guess what, she is NEVER ASHAMED! Oh Gods of Books, thank you for bringing this book to me. And of course, thank you Rosetta Bloom for writing about true feelings/needs. I've read other books in which women have sexual needs like it's not a crime but it's not happening as often as I'd like.Moving on from that, I liked how the story flew and the new background story for Beast. It was a fresh take on what "a monster" is considered these days, except just being rude to a beggar lady and not letting her sleep in your castle for the night (I'm talking about you, Disney). I was a good enough reason for me to believe that Beast deserved that curse.But:1. I'd like the book to be a little longer in the beginning. For example, in the beginning I'd like to witness some of the scenes with dialogue instead of reading about them afterwords (Pierre's scenes with Dumas so we'll feel/see his anxiety building about the upcoming talk with Beauty, or a real talk of Beauty and Giselle.) I think that'll say more about the characters.2. There was a repetition I don't think was necessary. We read about the Beast's story twice, once from him and once from the sorceress in the end. I think once is enough.3. While we have good character description of past and present for Beauty and Beast and we understand why they act the way they do, I couldn't say the same about Dumas. Beast's action when he was younger were believable and the reason for the curse also, but why does Dumas act the way he does? While we have great representation of normal women, (Beauty and Giselle who I'd like to see more) the men feel kind of flat. Beast is okay because we see the change in him but Dumas is just cruel for no reason. (I say "no reason" because I wasn't given one.) He's like a super-villain and evil person who just wants to take Beauty. Why? Yes, he's a "man of power" but he's kind of obsessed with her when he can have someone else.So, I think that's it. I hope I didn't forget something. Thank you "Shut Up & Read" and Rosetta Bloom for giving me this free copy for review. I hope I did my part, in return.
I couldn't resist reading part two today too. I really love this world and I wish these were longer. I'm always up for a new adventure next to Avatar Korra. Kuvira is a very interesting character and I cannot wait to see how her arc ends.
I wanted to read this as soon as it was published but oh well. I saw that there's gonna be a movie adaptation in theatres soon and I'm the kind of bookworm that likes to read the book first so here we are.I hated President Snow vigorously in The Hunger Games and I got to relive that. What a joy! Different decade, same feelings. Fuck that guy.
A light Sunday read because I needed to quench my thirst from some questions considering "witchcraft". It was not so much about the old witchcraft but it may be my fault for thinking it would be. I'd rather it didn't talk so much about the modern aspect but it was worth my time.
One of my professors recommended this book to me so I gave it a try. It was a good book. I got what I needed out of it (for a paper and personal knowledge) but I rated 3/5 stars because most of those things he explained I already knew. It's a really good book for someone who's only now starting to write and haven't read a dozen other books on writing. On to vol. 2!
Last Sacrifice... Wow! It's suspensful and every chapter leaves you wondering what will happen next. I wanted to read this like I'm a reeeeaaaaly slow reader, because it's the last book of the series, but I couldn't! I couldn't let it off my hands! Richelle Mead did a fantastic job and as you read the very last page it makes you want to smile and you end up finishing the book happy.
** spoiler alert ** I'm a bit confused about this book and what rating I should give it. I've heard so many good things and read so many good reviews that I getting the feeling it's the kind of book everyone seems to like and I don't even know why. Why do they keep comparing this to Gone Girl? Ugh! Can't give 1 star cause that's what awful books get and this was not awful, it was just bad in its own weird way. You try to like it but it doesn't let you. Again, why is this compared to Gone Girl?The characters felt flat and everyone keeps acting like they were not living in the 21st century, where we are not feeling accomplished only when we have a family with kids or are defined only if we are good housewives or strong and hard-working men. In the end, the whole book felt kind of "Meeeeeh", except of some points which where not developed a lot/at all in the end. What about that red-haired man who only appeared when we needed him? What was that all about? We will never know and I think Paula Hawkins doesn't really know either. In the last scene at the graveyard I had a funny feeling he'd show up next to Rachel all Whazzzaaaap! Rachel's character was the most interesting one, because of her alcohol addiction. I believed it alright that she lost/threw her life because of something that happened to her and turned to alcohol for comfort but that whole Tom thing was a little bit weird. Yes, for sure some people stay attached to their exes but she was acting crazy as hell, taking advantage of Kathy and behaving like a 5 year old who lost her toys and kept whining and whining and whining... until the end of time. Also, it's there that you get the feeling that Tom is not what he seems to be. If our unreliable narrator thinks he's perfect, guess what? Yup, he is not. Nope, not ever! Not now, not back then. NO no no no no.Furthermore, why was Anna only thinking about a restraining order when she knew that Rachel was a drunk who could hurt her kid? With the stories Tom always said, why would Anna only think about it and not do it? She always says how she loves being a mom and all that but her expectations of her perfect husband are very low when she puts up with his behaviour of "Yes, I'll tell Rachel for sure not to disturb us anymore! *whispers* NOT!" Why is she so stupid and pathetic?Megan's character was shallow and also childish. Why did Scott marry that woman? Is he some kind of superhuman too, and like Tom can lie for 5 (yes 5!) year to Rachel in her face and not stumble ever at anything, he can put up with Megan who just doesn't do a thing except sit there and wait for him? Is he not concerned about his wife's life? Doesn't it bother him that she cannot sleep at all while he sleeps like a log besides her? It's not that hard to understand and feel more concerned than send her to a therapist. How didn't anyone of us thought about that? Sooooo genius. How can everyone in this book lie so easily to anyone they want? Is that a thing you can learn somewhere or is it just because of a tragic event, like lose a child? (every woman in this book wants/has/lost/killed/stole a kid but they seem to looooove kids more that their lives. What?!?) Everyone has lied something very tragic and at some point your like "What?!? She has lost a kid too?" or "What? Is he another misunderstood male that only wanted the best for their S.O. that tried to kill them?" (Why hasn't my boyfriend try to kill me yet, like only once?!? Should I feel concerned that he doesn't love me or should I question his masculinity? Hmmm...)I did not care about Scott or Kamal, I knew they didn't do it and as much as Kamal's character seemed like promising, we learnt nothing for him except that he also had a very tragic childhood/life before we met him. Scott was like a persistent stain you cannot get off of your clothes but it's so insignificant that only you can see it and it really doesn't need all that attention. Stereotypical also, strong and manly and first thing he does when Megan tries to tell him the truth is grab her neck so hard that he could kill her. Yes, that's what everyone who thinks himself as manly as our male characters would do. Really?!? Really?!?!?!?!I could go on and on because things that bothered me keep showing up but I think I'll stop here. I've made my point(s) and as much as I wanted to keep this spoiler free, I failed. The comparison with Gone Girl was made for marketing reasons only, in my opinion, and because of the unreliable narrator (wow, the similarities are killing me!) It was an easy read, not such bad writing, sentence construction was ok and the dialogues where somewhat vibrant but were lost in that tangle of "plot" and stereotypes I haven't read for forever. I would not recommend this to anyone, except if you don't care about simple things as mystery when reading a mystery book.I haven't written such a big review for a book I didn't like (I don't know if I wrote any review this big) cause I simply try to let it go and forget about it as soon as I can but this time I couldn't stop my fingers from hitting the keys. Sorry for the mistakes that might make your eyes bleed but English is not my native language nor did I proofread it before posting cause my feelings are still strong and cannot be contained to re-read this. If you've read this book and didn't like, don't feel left out cause we have each other. If you've read this book and liked it then I'm happy for you and hope you won't read a bad book for a loooong time. In any case, happy reading!TL;DR This is bad and Paula should feel bad.
3.5 of 5 stars.I liked the characters and the story in general. It was an easy book to read and I even understood the Spanish sentences even though I don't speak Spanish.*THIS CONTAINS SPOILERS*I liked that the perspective changed from Alana to Chris because I liked Chris the most.I didn't really like that Alana was soooo sensitive and was about to cry in every situation, good or bad. I'm sensitive too and I've been through some stuff and I kind of understand her, to a point of course, but I'm not like that. Maybe it's just how she is but I thought I'd point that out.I also thought that the confusion about Lauren was not so good. Why is that? Because if I was going out with someone my best friends would ask me if he was my boyfriend or what's going on with him and me and not just asume we were a couple.The best part for me was the Puerto Rico part. I liked the descriptions of the place and I'd love to read more of that. I liked the way Alana communicated with Adin and how he found her. I liked that she became more independent in Puerto Rico and started making her life the way she wanted and stopped waiting for others to do it for her.To sum up, I like the book and I reccomend it to those who like young-adult books in general.
I loved this book! It kind of reminded me of The Perks of Being a Wallflower, which is a book I adore. It gave me the same feeling while I was reading it. I keep thinking about it, scenes or dialogue I really liked, and I want to recommend it to anyone who like Charlie from The Perks. I loved Simon sooo much!
Chris!!! Hey! Dude, you're reading a Stephen King book. Haha, cool! What do you think of it so far? Is it nice? Huh, the title looks really familiar.
I am still kind of speechless and my thoughts are all over the place but I cannot rate this book anything other than 5 stars. I don't know if my review will make any sense whatsoever but I'll try to talk about this adventure I've been pulled into. It was such a unique read for me that I cannot even put it in a category. Sure, it's fantasy but not the "fantasy" genre I'm used to reading. The worldbuilding makes you feel like the castle always was, its people too, and now you're getting the chance to have a glimpse of their lives. The language was so rich and beautiful but also difficult for me sometimes. I had to re-read sentences but I felt the heavy atmosphere immediately and the scenes where full of pictures, I don't know how else I can explain this. I loved so many characters (maybe all of them? xD ) and they were all weird and interesting in their unique way. Some scenes keep replaying in my head and I keep thinking that it would be an amazing animated series -dark and grotesque and so atmospheric and rich of... well, everything you can ask for.I will surely be continuing on with the series but I need some time off to think it all through. What a weird and nostalgic feeling this book has left me with...
It was a quick read but she said a lot of things in those few pages. I cannot wait to read Americanah and watch her talks.
Oh my god! I can't believe it!!! What a great book! And the ending was... UGH!!! I need the Ruby Circle now!!!
Okay... This was purely amazing. I don't think I can emphasize enough how bad everyone needs to read this book. Just do it, just read it.
Spirit Bound is, again, a really great book of the series. I finished it in 2 or 3 days and as I was reading I was really eager to know what happens next and I started to think about what will happen to the sixth and last book. But with Richelle Mead you really never know! Anyways, I reccomend the book and if you've gotten so far you really can't miss this or the next and last one.
3,5 stars to be honest. I liked it a lot but I didn't like it as much as the first Volume. It left a bittersweet taste and I can't decide if I liked it a lot or I just liked it. I'll read Volume 3 sometime in the future.
I really liked this book but it wasn't what I expected. It surprised it at some parts and kiiiind of let me down in others but all in all I enjoyed my time reading it. I love dragons too much and Novik's unique idea about how they were used in battle was really amazing.So, where is my dragon? :P
This book to me soooo long to read and it's not even that big. It was a good book but it didn't have the impact on me that it had on other. I found it kind of boring at some points, although I like science. Also, I didn't really like the way it was written for a reason I'll explain below. Andy Weir did a great job at the research part and that's the thing that kept me reading. If it wasn't scientifically accurate I'd surely skip a lot of pages. I think the movie will be better though. (I don't think I've ever said that before xD)The first 10% or 15%, I'm not sure, was the best part of it for me at least because (view spoiler)[ No one knew he was alive. Don't get me wrong, I liked the whole rescuing idea but I thought that I was put too early in the book and that made me lose interest in the story. It was great feeling what Mark was feeling, fear and anxiety for his survival, but then Nasa found out and we found out that they found out. Still for some part Mark didn't know but WE knew. That's what I didn't like and the way the book was written. It couldn't really protect the reader from finding out. Weir wanted us to see what happens at Nasa and how they work, in this case, to rescue someone on Mars but I'd prefer if I only saw things from Mark's point of view. Know only the things he knows, because I didn't really care for anyone else at Nasa nor at the Hermes. Mark was my main concern and with Weir showing me literally everything that was happening I ended up with no guy to care about. (hide spoiler)]
I fell in love with the premise from the first time I set my eyes on it. I've wanted to read this book for soooooo long and that got me having really high (I mean SKY HIGH!) expectations. I've read so many reviews about it, seen fan art, liked countless photos of it on instagram and so on. And finally, fiiiinally, I got my hands on it. I liked the story a lot. The magic and the world building kept me going when I found myself rolling my eyes at two events (one in the beginning that had to do with Lila and one of Lila's actions later on that was kind of random and "silly" of her). I liked Kell as a character and in the end I found myself liking Lila too. I cannot say anything else about any other characters as I feel like I didn't get the chance to know them further (maybe I'll have my chance in book 2). One of the best things about this book is that it's sooo action packed (good action packed, not just random action scenes just for the lolz) with magic and weapons and high stakes. The magic only got better and better and it's one of the things that makes me want to read book 2 soon. I'll surely continue reading this series as I have a lot of unanswered questions about the characters that I'm dying to know the answers of. Also, I want more of that amazing action and magic and smart dialogue.
I'm not sure how I feel about this book. A lot mixed thoughts are screaming in my head right now and I need time to put them in order. But most of the agree on the same facts, so here goes nothing.WARNING: I DON'T THINK I'VE SAID THINGS THAT ARE CONSIDERED SPOILERS BUT READ OF YOUR OWN VOLITION. One thing's for sure, I didn't adore this book as everyone seems to. I found the story compelling enough to read before I go ahead and watch the tv-series with my bf but I don't know if it was worth it. I might as well have just watched the series and be done with it. I kind of feel like I put pressure on myself to read it before I watch the episodes because I've wanted to read this for forever and everyone kept saying how amazing and heartbreaking the story was but it just didn't really click to me.I finished it in two sittings (I would in one but I had to get some rest) because I felt the story to be a great burden to lift (Hannah's idea to send those tapes was a really bad-person move, in my opinion) but in the end it was just... okay, I guess? I didn't really feel like I got my explanation (the one I deserved after that premise) on why Hannah killed herself because her reasons (I don't want to sound harsh but it's the truth) weren't all that big of a deal. Not most of them, at least. Some were pretty bad but not I'll-have-to-kill-myself bad.Okay, things happened to her but in reality a lot of them happened to other people but for some reason Hannah feels like she was the victim in every single one of them (and if you've read the book you'll probably know what I'm specifically talking about, a secret someone wouldn't want so many people to hear or really hear themselves, omfg Hannah!) when she really wasn't. At some parts it felt like she wanted/let things just happen so she can have more reasons to hate/avenge people. Of course that's not normal behavior but would it really lead to suicide? I don't know, maybe it would, I'm not an expert on psychology but through Asher's writing I believe he's not either. Maybe he has really researched this topic and I just know nothing about it. We'll only know if I ever decide to learn more things on suicides/suicidal behaviors and their causes etc. but that's not the point.In the end, I feel like the story should have gone more in depth to the whole suicide-decision-making because it seems like it just brushed by and lightly touched the important subject and instead we got a lot of Hanna's whining about stuff that happened to her and most importantly happened to others that she felt like happened to her because her reasons were not important enough to consider suicide for real but if you make yourself believe that you really have it bad then you'll have your reasons and you'll feel entitled to screw with other people's lives (people that really didn't do her any harm except not being able to read her mind) and make the fell miserable so you'll get your afterlife revenge. Hurrah, Hannah! You did it.
If anyone knows of any book similar to this one, please tell me the title!
I know that everything has already been said about this book, the good and the bad, and I understand most people's reviews (some are just hating because it's CoOl so I don't care about them) but I am strongly opposing those who believe that Atticus would never act like this. I liked most parts of this book and I'm glad I got to learn more about Scout and her family and friends. I really get what she went through, it felt like I was reliving some very bad memories but at least I could close the book whenever I felt the need to take a breath. To the people that say that Atticus could never be racist I say that, my friends, you are so damn lucky in your life so far and I really hope you continue to be surrounded by good, logic, smart and kind human beings. People are not always what you think they are, they won't act or say things that you think they would even if you'd bet your life on it, they won't fill the perfect picture you have painted in your mind. People you think you know may be racists and they will only act like that when it's time for them to face a "new" reality. So if you cannot put yourself in Scout's shoes, it does not mean it cannot happen. It just means it hasn't happened to you.
Wow. Just, wow.5/5 stars for the idea and for the execution. That was some fine writing, right there. If I'm ever able to write like that, I'd be the happiest woman alive. I will say nothing about this story because I picked it up knowing nothing (I didn't even read the blurb) and I was awestruck. It's under 100 pages and I would encourage anyone to read this one. It's worth it. I read it because of a recommendation and I thought "What the hell, it's a short story and it might make my evening better". Little did I know that I chose to read something so unique and fresh and, yeah I'll say it again, such a well writen story based on that awesome idea.
3,5/5 stars for this one. I enjoyed the Worldbuilding but we didn't, in my opinion, get to see much of it. I didn't like some of the comments of some characters (felt like old and kind of sexist gibberish) but all in all it was a nice book. I want to read the sequel because I think Kova needs a second chance and the ending seemed promising.It kind of reminded me of Avatar: The Last Airbender, so if you're a fan (I loved Aang) you might want to try this one out.
Well... I think it was an okay graphic novel. If I haven't heard all those great things about it I wouldn't have picked it up and I don't know if I'm glad I did. Some parts were good, some just okay and others plain boring. I can't say I was worried about any of the characters and the only one I liked was Jon, who in some point, in my opinion, acted out of character just for the plot to move on. I've given some thought in why I didn't like Watchmen and concluded in this: It starts out great and has some amazing characters and premise but when things need to be explained the explanations are... at least bad and unconvincing. If you want to make an awesome character like Jon then you must use him in his full potential and not only when it's convenient and gives a wow-factor in the story. Anyway, it's one of those "classics" I don't seem to like when everyone around me is fangirling like crazy.*shrugs*Off to the next one!Quote I liked: "Who watches the Watchmen?"
Is Brandon Sanderson my favorite writer? Nooooo, why would you even- Okay, okay, he is. Are you happy? Because I am! That man is a writing machine and I'm so glad I have more books of his to read. Keep on writing, Brandon!
First things first: Coe is one of my favorite authors so please expect some level of bias. Having said that, I thoroughly enjoyed Number 11. It brought some air from 'good old coe' from the past that was missed in the recent books. (Unfair as it is for new books to be compared with old masterpieces, like younger siblings compared to the older, more talented children, we can't totally avoid it, can we?) Other recent works of Coe, like Expo 58, while good books, don't live up to the hype -'Number 11' does. It is fresh and at the same time brings some retro air. It builds upon the Winshaw legacy without selling it cheap. Number 11 is not one but 5 different stories, loosely connected and all pointing back to the archetypal Whinsaw family from 'What a Carve Up!" Politics are here of course, along with the humor, social insight, from subtle irony to open sarcasm, modern life contradictions -sprinkle with some newly introduced horror elements and stir. Coe could do a better job with some character development, some side narratives it is not sure why they were put there, as for the ending -hmmm. Yet if you ignore those elements, book is great. It took me 4 days to finish and I am not a stay-home-and-read person. It is not a 'What a Carve Up!' expansion but a standalone book -go ahead and give it a try. Ps. I have read here and there that this is not like the old Coe. Agreed. Yet we cannot expect from a writer to be a masterpiece producing machine. Yes, Coe has set the bar high and yes, Number 11 is not 'What a Carve Up!' (that's why it gets a 4* and not a 5*) but it is as close as it could be.
Bitterly nostalgic, this book is so tender and vulnerable it makes you turn every page with care. A good introduction to Modiano.
Revealing at times, tiring at times, a dreamy insight into another culture and another god.
A very good recollection of a story that is rarely being told -this of the Syrian war and the people affected. Good journalism and history, so highly recommended.
Chandler and Marlowe awesome as always.
I wish I could give this book 3.5 stars but the system does not allow. I enjoyed the book, it was good, quick and easy to read, with an interesting story and a not so interesting main character for whom until halfway through the book we don't seem to feel much. The book is trying to put Thomas' story in a broader, international perspective and make a statement on a post-war Britain trying to find its direction, but in those terms, in my opinion, it does not reach it goals. Still, in Expo 58 you can find all typical Coe moments - the elegant narrative, the well-crafted scenes, the (not so) subtle irony.. and it is a book that can be read in one go, mostly due to Coe's talent in writing. Yet something is missing, and this is the perspective. It is not enough for us to read the personal dilemmas of an Englishman in the 50s when we should be put into a greater world, where contradiction is the rule and normality is the exception. Coe has spoiled us in the past with so amazing, distinctive books that he has raised the bar. We may not do justice to Expo comparing it with 'What a Carve Up!' or 'The Rotter's Club' but this happens inevitably and in those terms Expo falls short. Overall, a good book worthy to give it a go, but for Coe 's talent, 'a good book' isn't much of a success.
This is not a book for everyone. Defo not a 'highly recommended' title. It can be cruel at times, it can be dark, it can make you feel sick. This is not a book to give away in this colleagues' wife birthday because 'you 've heard it's good'This is a book for love and passion in their darkest times. When you reach the absolute bottom. When the greatest pleasure you gain is when you hurt your most beloved. When love reaches such limits that twists into hate.I loved it. It explores depths that few books even scratched. It is an eye opener sometimes. But it is not an easy book either.
Grows inside you as time goes by. Either read it slowly or come back to it again later - typical of Camus books. It is not cynical, it is not pessimistic - it deeply understands the dark side of human nature.
Psychology, politics, fiction, history and the highest level of writing talent - an all time classic 'must read' that hasn't lost any of its charm.
I don't mean to be provocative, but I don't really see what everyone got from this book to consider it such a masterpiece. I was expecting an 'eye opener' -apparently my eyes were wide open already. Should have been radical back in the day, not as much to give today. Mediocre.
Simply amazing. Characters embroider with great care. A book worthy its fame.
A very well written and unusual insight into one of the most interesting and complicated countries of modern history -or, how New York of the East turned into one of the most oppressed states in the muslim world. A woman, university teacher, after participating at and disillusioned from 1979's revolution, creates a 'secret school' at her place, reading modern Western literature to her female student. An honest yet accurate account of what went so wrong. Highly recommended for those interested in Iran.
a 20th century tribute to Agatha Christie, and a comment on the dark times of nazism.
This book is a deep look into human nature, at its worst, at its best, at its every day struggle. It might go through war and iron, but it will eventually go through. A manifestation of Camus' love towards people. What a difference from the Stranger! Read it twice. This book has a lot to give.
Salander is one of the most unique and interesting characters in literature I've come across. Book is a bit slow, but the storyline is rewarding.
Nicely written and enjoyable. Loved the unexpected (but well deserved!) twist at the end. A good book
Electoral process means democracy? And if not, what means democracy whatsoever? Paul Collier tries to address such questions, and even when he fails sometimes to do so, he does make a point -at least, he motivates us to search more. Worthy a read.
one of the earliest insights into what motivates political power, and why idealistic values of honor and morality don’t stand against thirst for power.
the stranger and miss brill had me in complete shambles reading them.felt those characters were part of myself.still processing
had me nauseous and in disbelief more times than other books probably will combined
the later pages of the book definitely made up for what i saw as kind of monotonous and boring in a lot of the earlier parts of it. i found it somewhat repetitive and never truly encapsulating maria’s emotions or character. this was intentional as it showed us how in the mind of someone who is ill and feels the need to label every single action and sees every single action as representative of how someone views them, you never stop to actually think of the other person; he ties her existence to him irremediably, and she’s only a vessel to him.it was aggravating seeing her put up with so much cruelty from him, and even if through his internal monologue, he tried to justify his actions by showing us his thoughts, a reliable outsider was able to instantly see what was wrong. however, i’ll admit the way he wrote about paranoia was very natural, it didn’t seem forced or trying to pass this character trait to him. it was irrevocably who he was, and we saw this as every single thing he did, from the small edits in writing his letters and this being followed by an explanation in brackets, we saw how he never has found peace. everything is explained in his mind, justified.a shitty protagonist but one that’s explored so well.
** spoiler alert ** while the part with the dolls was quite confusing which took away from some of the fearful aspect in trying to understand the horror of it, scenes like the woman in black in the carriage made up for this, contributing to an aura of fear and haunting throughout. the romance between Marina and Oscar is beautiful, and the ending was heartbreaking. absolutely recommend overall
in the beginning of reading this book i found so much of the imagery used confusing and unnecessary but as the book progressed, and we saw more of our protagonist and the family she’s forced to live with, it makes sense.we see the impact of religious conservatism and the way it leaves children completely lost about the world around them; jas’ descriptions of things like masturbation, and the sadism with which it’s described shows how alien things like that are to them, and how any experience with things outside the scope of religious dogma turns extreme, unhealthy due to the forbidden release of natural things.the main character is so complex and her pain and confusion in the world is palpable from the very first page. the ending was one i did not expect, and sent shivers down my spine. you feel absolute rage towards many of the characters, and your heart breaks with jas as we see how an innocent child is destroyed by parents who could not care less for her existence.i wish some of the scenes were less graphic though sometimes it was too disturbing to read through.some of the images of grief and mourning were painful in unprecedented ways:“when we reach the grave, mum cleans the photo on his gravestone with a bit of spit and a hanky, as though she’s wiping away the imaginary milk residue from around Matthies’ mouth”this is a story about a girl who cracks more and more every day, navigating the waters of a waterbed that’s swallowing her whole by the second.images like her wrapping her frogs in chocolate wrappers so they don’t get cold are so heartbreaking, we imagine how her life could’ve been in a normal society, how happy she would’ve been.
um SO shocked but have also never been more eager to continue a book
** spoiler alert ** novels intertwining both historical events and actually exploring those in depth, not just writing the facts and statistics but truly showing the impact they would’ve had on the people living in those times- and the generations that followed them, the scarring to both society as a whole and the people, have always been a favorite, and this book did it in a way no other book i’ve read has before.the book had you lost in its pages, with the exception of one chapter i found too slow (it was of importance to the overall storyline nevertheless). it felt like you were sitting in a room with a survivor of that dictatorship and they described the life there over tea, it was so personal yet so all-encompassing as those experiences sadly wouldn’t have been limited to the characters in the novel; denouncing your own loved ones, burning your own music, your hopes and dreams. there’s a multitude of tragedies in the novel and each one shatters you even more; from us finding out zhuli indirectly made her parents be taken away, zhuli, a young, precious girl taking her own life, and sparrow burning his creative outpour and then realising others saved it by hiding it instead, but his is gone foreverthe tiananmen square protests section is in my opinion the strongest in the book, describing this euphoric, ethereal hope the youth had, agnostic to what would happen to them soon; this vivacious atmosphere is crafted by the writer in so many ways, from description of fruit and sunlight, and countered ever so strongly after. the description of tiananmen square by big mother knife to sparrow vs what it ends up being after, full of corpses and crushed dreams is honestly heartbreaking. the intersection of Marie-Ling’s story with that of the past is effective in showing how overarching events of the past are with our present reality, and the writing becomes even more relevant and heartbreaking today when thinking of how it’s forbidden to write about the massacre on media in china, and the monument that commemorated the efforts of these heroic individuals, is also taken down. a must read.
“the door to the woods is the door to the temple”her essay about the bird was one of the most beautiful things i’ve read
overall it encapsulated heartbreak so honestly with language and images anyone would relate to. the writing was simple yet so delicate.it showed how intense someone’s hold over the other can be, to the point that when they leave they literally forget how to exist. it felt very human, like someone’s actual diary in real life, not some plot made for a book.some parts were a bit repetitive and the ending felt rushed but besides that, couldn’t put the book down.
the first part especially
woolf’s writing was something i hadn’t been exposed to before, and if anything this book convinced me i have to; the dinner scene was so quiet yet evocative, indirectly we saw its significance, especially to certain characters, as was Lily’s thought process as she’s contemplating her opinion of Mr Ramsay and trying to perfect her portrait.the book felt like the sound of the breeze when you’re at a quiet beach and just looking into nothing; “to praise his boots when he asked her to solace his soul” is a line that stuck to me, conveying things like the inability some have in comforting others; the inner monologue that follows this action was another demonstration of woolf’s ability to not only describe landscapes beautifully, but things like how much we ponder over our actions and how monumental something seemingly insignificant like complimenting someone’s boots can be. the time lapse was so amazingly crafted, showing how life can completely crumble but how the world still silently goes on.her writing was so beautiful i found myself genuinely smiling at some lines, it was so satisfying to read; will be reading more of her.
this book was one i found difficult to put down, always eager to read the next chapter and see what would happen; this was especially the case in the later half of the book where the plot escalated dramatically, in a way we were eager to see what happened. despite there being many characters they were all explored very well, allowing us to paint a portrait of each one in our minds.the book explored life in nigeria and how it differs for people of different social backgrounds in a truthful way that also explored every character’s ordeals and joys, showing they were more than just synecdoches for different social classes as a whole. i found myself shocked at the brutality of the events described quite often, which talked of things it’ll take me long to forget, if i do.i do think the beginning of the boom could’ve been a bit smaller in terms of the build-up to the main plot, but the initial chapters were enjoyable and purposeful as well! do recommend for sure, it’s a great political commentary from the lens of citizens who would’ve usually been shunned to the side; it also shows how if truly good people were in power, the world would be a much better place even if some of us blame bureaucracy etc. for the problems still persisting today.
** spoiler alert ** while i found some parts of the book so strong; descriptions of lan in particular, why they called little dog little dog, the descriptions of the time in vietnam in the past, lan's funeral, and some of the intimacy scenes between little dog and trevor, the book had a lot of moments intended to be "deep" but at least to me personally, failed to invoke any deep feelings, but rather had me cringing at how he seemed to be trying to convey deep emotions and ideas with language that was overly decorated almost, or too direct and simple in a way that almost felt like i was reading rupi kaur. (e.g. "corrections" in the letter like including a crossed out blows 'over' and replacing the over with up, that everything's going to blow up). it just didn't hit me as a book as much as i thought it would, and i'm quite sad because i had such high expectations from people having read it, but aside from that, having read the blurb alone, i was so upon seeing the topic, how important it is in our time, and also majorly not discussed. i found the structure and the intertwining narrative topics and time shifts pretty tiring after some point.i genuinely loved a lot of parts of this book, but certain parts of it cringed me to the point that i couldnt appreciate the story as much as i would've. the first few chapters were beautifully written but to me it seemed to decline and reach its nadir in certain lines more than once as the story progressed.i might read this again in the future to see if the parts that put me off this time aren't as important to me the next time, and i can appreciate the good parts without focusing too much on the ones i am focusing on now. however, i found the chapters giving us some insight, vignettes of life in vietnam during the war and after, like in the funeral and the discussion of the dancers in drag makeup and why they’re preferred in that situation; i was so impressed by those chapters, and the ones talking about his past withhis mother. they evoked his pain so clearly, palpably, without doing too much to do so.
** spoiler alert ** the book explored the emotions we feel with someone we love and must inevitably depart in a way that truly hurt you. i smiled to myself at some of the moments in the novel, like him describing he wants to go back and step over oliver’s footprints on the sand of the beach (unaware it was about his foot fetish!!), or that rock they’d go to and look at the seathe last section was probably my favorite which i didn’t expect. i think it encapsulated what the novel was building up towards, how love lingers despite people drifting apart, even 20 years later in their case. it was heartbreaking to see them reunite after all those years and as elio said see they don’t have any common ground to catch up over anymore.i loved the book overall, only thing is at least to me personally it was more tiring to read in some sections as i felt some of it was circling around the same thing for pages, which i also get though as that even showed how oliver never left his mind it made me see the movie in a whole other way now, i wish they’d incorporated more parts of the book in it.
while the fantasy genre has always been one i’ve always been disinterested in, this book definitely gave me an alternative opinion; things i think i would’ve typically found absurd were written in such a way that you truly care for the story, and the characters’ humanity makes the story all the more realistic so to speak and less like a bad sci-fi movie.i liked descriptions of the atmosphere, especially of the woods, or how characters’ facial expressions would be synchronised to show they’re good for each other. the length made it seem very frightening but it was a joy to readthere was also a lot of humor, but also shock and this kind of haunting aura throughout; and they finally talked of teenagers’ school lives which so many shows and books fail to do, as if school doesn’t apply to them!! excited to read the next one
certain redundant parts with unimportant characters were overstretched while little to no exploration of the actual romance occurred despite this being meant to be the main part of the plot. felt slightly childish in its writing
the mystery was present and heavy throughout the book, the writing was amazing, overall recommend
this book is a masterpiece, from its subtle descriptions of Japan at the time and the way it was even a contributing factor to Naoko’s decline, to the extremely emotional and detailed explorations of every character. we get truly mad at actions of some character, feel for the victims; the exploration of things like not knowing the boundaries between when to truly help someone and try overlook it and what this can mean in the long term is beautifully crafted, and the plot twists are like a stab to the heart. this book had as big as 60-page chapters but the writing within these was so amazing it didn’t feel like it. truly magical writing.
rip persephone poldma you would’ve loved lana del rey
wattpad 😜😜 also the random introduction of storylines for characters who are never given a voice again?💀💀
this book was a reminder of how you don’t always need really elaborated upon metaphors or complex language to evoke things like a feeling or a story. extremely complex language would’ve probably taken away from the actual story itself in this case.we got to see how it is to fall in love with someone you think you can’t have and how you never really know what’s coming, things fall apart even with the turn of a page.it showed us how the past is never entirely left in the past, and the closing line of the book was one of if not the saddest lines i’ve read in a long time. it hurt to read.the partitioning of the story into the different time periods perfectly helped show how even if life goes on, we’re still irreparably attached to people and things people assume we’ve gotten over.it showed intimacy in such a sweet, stripped back way. it was like reading a perfectly written diary.
one of the weirdest books i’ve readi felt nearly uncomfortable at times at the way it was written, the lack of any emotion, the absolute neutrality throughout, the almost childlike perspective of life, where events were almost just listed as what happened on that certain day.the book took me on a journey with the second part, one i didn’t expect.the final section of the book questioned so many of the dogmas we have in today’s society, made one think how unfair the world is in its rituals, and we never point it out.the book explored life’s futility, but also how futility is subjective; it implies there’s a purpose, the right way of doing things, and the writing questions the concept of what’s right to begin with, religion, our perceptions of how one should act, cope with death.to be honest i don’t have much to saythe book was so strange and almost surreal the protagonist was incredibly distanced from the reader, i’ve never felt more separated from a characterit’s almost like he was a vessel for social judgment and an alternative depiction of how some people view life and act.this is a mess i know there’s just a lot going on in my head about it
didn’t love the plot or the character development of the characters, it seemed rushed and at times it was nearly impossible to deduce what was truly being portrayed… however i loved Lady Macbeth’s portrayal, and how thirst for power was depicted to drive one to insanity
** spoiler alert ** a book i definitely found worth reading, about love and familial relations, and the betrayal that often encumbers both;i absolutely loved noah’s chapters, the way it described his inner thought process and emotions as he fell in love, confronting his problems with drawing after the CSA kerfuffle. it was such a sweet and raw portrayal of young love between him and Brian, it made me smile when i wasn’t busy raging over how idiotic both noah and jude are THEY BOTH SUCK stop hurting others!!!! however them sucking and being so vindictive and harmful is also what made it realistic in parts.i loved details like both of them knowing oscar in some way, it showed the inextricability of them as twins which had been described throughout. as much as i loved noah’s chapters, i didn’t find myself as interested in jude’s chapters i don’t know why; i found myself wanting her parts to finish so i could read noah’s again, and i wish there had been chapters of noah’s inner monologues as he got older, it felt like we didn’t get to see him grow as much, and if we did it was only through jude’s eyes.overall, if you exclude the lies, death, grief, grooming, daddy and mommy issues, had some very cute moments!!
a perfect opportunity to say nothing
showed how nature can truly be one’s mother. explored the prejudices embedded in so many people’s mindsets, especially the sheriff’s in this case. the poetry was kinda corny tho.
as good as the play itself was, the stage directions supplementing what was happening in a way that made the experience all the better to read like w “the drums rattle like bones in the morning air”it did a brilliant job at showing the idiocy of the witch trials which were fuelled by anything other than actual religious concern; the aggravation i’ve felt towards certain characters, the injustice of what was going on was unprecedented, i definitely think it a play worth reading, as it exposes the prominence of ulterior motives in religiosity; if anything, it’s a facade to settle private scores, and this play epitomises this view.also shows the role sexuality and race played in the witch hunt blowing out of control, which is something i had never considered.
** spoiler alert ** the use of an animal farm to describe and portray the hypocrisy of soviet russia and its failure in truly implementing a communist rule is brilliant and allows us to see the story through the lens of each character who in turn represents people within the actual USSR. the climax of the pigs playing cards with the humans and standing on two legs, wearing their clothes is an incredible image. the length was also appropriate, allowing for the gradual disintegration of the communist facade to crumble.
** spoiler alert ** the imagery used to describe female oppression in gilead is beyond astounding, along with the way atwood conveys how easily society and democracy can crumble, especially in modern society… the historical notes is incredibly important in conveying how the female voice remains silenced even after 200 years, with the patriarchal focal point on who the Commander was and where the tapes’ packaging came from, rather than the courage and story of Offred, who’s even criticised for her education.it would’ve been nice having more insight into serena joy’s character as i found her one of the most interesting ones in the novel, and if the flashbacks had been a bit shorter as i found it to be slightly repetitive after some point
the writing was simply beautiful; poetic but in a way that made me think of greece, feel not only greece despite being away from it but also the ocean of emotions all the characters felt.i’ll never let go of the tragedy of this story, and of the beauty of the perspectives explored, even the dead talking in their graves and not knowing that they knew each other when they were alive.such a beautiful book. genuinely.
the ending is CRUEL!!!i loved the way the book built up with its plot, and the innumerate plot twists made it all the bettergot to understand a lot of the characters much more and scenes like blue telling adam he’s not her true love had me with my mouth wide open.and the gray man was such a cool character to introduce to the story curious to see what the next book brings!!
never loved classics but this one completely changed my mind on that. the way forster analyses the issues encumbering England at the time, increasing industrialisation and apathy from the upper echelons of society and their performative help is incredible. a portrait of each character is formed flawlessly, exhibiting their flaws and better traits, as well as allowing us to infer how wrong and masochistic some relationships here are.would absolutely recommend, not a single chapter that bores you
main thing i got is that capitalism is rotten& a lot of families too
** spoiler alert ** it was almost impossible to emotionally connect with or understand Winston, while in the also dystopian Handmaid’s Tale this was done incessantly. too much emphasis was placed on the torture of the regime rather than their emotions through this, although that could also serve the function of showing how such regimes completely take people’s livelihoods and identities.the end in which Winston betrays Julia and adores big brother is quite harrowing, although the book feels unjustifiably long; putting this and the handmaid’s tale side to side, this one falls very short.
** spoiler alert ** beautifully written, from the descriptions of the landscape and the city to each and every character. the exploration of the different types of gay men in society, from the borderline predatory Jacques to David who struggles with his identity and refuses to accept his attraction to men, is one that really ties the story togetherbaldwin is able to effortlessly make me despise David for a plethora of reasons, the lies to Hella and the mistreatment of Giovanni being the main ones. we’re able to connect with each character, sympathise or hate them; the final sentence in the book is beyond incredible, with the pieces of paper trailing David in the wind, evoking his inability to really get over Giovanni’s fate or his attraction to him which he neglected completely. the length was perfect, not too short or too long
femme fatale & hautot and son were the standouts for me, both written incredibly; the shallowness of the upper class, men’s fragility in femme fatale, and men’s fragility but one of an entirely different nature in hautot and son.cockcrow was pretty funny, to the point
from the very first chapter i was drawn by how flynn described situations without truly having to name them;like the sweatprints on the armchair when she hears she has to go back to wind gap which showed the visceral stress she felt.every character is analysed to the finest detail, i almost felt as if i’d met whoever was being described.from the gore in the novel which was incorporated without making the book unbearable to read but still served to leave me with chills even nausea at some points, to the way sentences were structured to really allow us to picture everything about the scene described, the book was incredible and i truly was excited to get back to reading it after leaving it;never have i ever been so betrayed by what i thought was reality, nearly audibly gasped upon realising the final plot twist; the author played with the reader, letting us imagine we knew exactly what was going on, when a whole other story existed, both in front of our eyes but also completely unpredictable.(the mother is insane)
didn’t connect with any character at all, except very momentarily Kate in her monologue of imagining Larry. the synecdoche of larry in the apple tree was moving, but everything else was lackluster, except the exploration of post-ww2 america and the hyperconsumerism that began to define it. nothing crazy
** spoiler alert ** the anti-semitism infectious throughout the play makes a modern audience completely uncomfortable although it aids in showing the beliefs and attitudes of England at the time, such as that religion and race were inextricably connected. the hypocrisy of christians is clearly conveyed and the audience struggles to choose who to sympathise with, Shylock who’s completely stripped of his identity, absconded by his daughter, humiliated and forced to become a Christian, or Antonio, the (not really) archetype Christ-like figure who embraces christian values and only “loves the world for him [Bassanio]”the difference between the mythical Belmont and the commercial, polluted Venice is one I truly appreciated, as well as the moments were one seemed to infect the other momentarily, such as when a very romanticised description is attributed to Bassanio describing how Antonio’s ships would’ve crashed.
** spoiler alert ** genuinely loved reading this book. the writing was simple in a way that made you need to read more but it was also full of beautiful images and metaphors that are still imprinted in my mind.i hadn’t really read something before that depicts more extreme religious lifestyles the way this book did; having the semblance of normality, and even normality to some extent. i appreciated that it showed some things remain the same, but at the same time, it’s all so fundamentally different and messed up.the story of sebastian and tanner was so beautiful, and felt so human, so real. i found myself smiling with so many parts of the story but also breaking at a lot of sebastian’s struggle.i don’t usually even think of rereading books, but this one is a book i probably want to reread in the future.it was beautiful
as much as i loved the last quarter of the book, the first 3 quarters fell short; some of the writing felt redundantly formal and expanded on trivialities that didn’t truly contribute to the storyline. despite some unnecessary writing, this did help paint a clearer image of society at the time and the value placed on things like reputation and money over happiness;we get to hope for elizabeth and jane, yet detest other characters like Lady Catherine and Lydia, who are emphatic of what was wrong with society at the time; mr collins is just annoying, almost having a comical role.
the book had some very good moments, exploring life in 1980s ireland and things like not only the financial and religious situation of the city, but also the consequent underwhelming, hunger for something to fix the main chatacter’s life, which he sadly finds in the corrupt dealings of the church, and trying to fix those.the book was very short so i didn’t get the chance to really connect with the characters but it’s a great insight into how even if we’re good financially and on paper, it’s never enough, and true humanity and wellbeing stems in helping someone, ironically, to escape the grasp of nuns who claim to be representing god on earth.
a plot has never developed so erratically yet in a manner so well-crafted. i found myself screaming silently with certain pages.there was a LOT casually dropped but not elaborated upon which i wish had been as it would’ve made the story so much more complete. regardless, what was discussed was beautiful, haunting. the exploration of jealousy, numbness, intoxication in college, familial relationships, ancient greece&jacobean tragedies and the way its tragedies bleed into our lives even today, was done so well. i wish the book was longer and the story continued, and i’ve never thought that about a 630 page book.
** spoiler alert ** probably my favorite book. his writing throughout was beyond captivating; every page told a story and i couldn’t stop reading. the way in which he built a complex life and soul for each and every character was astounding, i felt like every character was someone i’ve met in real life.the exploration of race and the profound impact it had on love and one’s experience of america in a deeply racist state was one subtle, yet so impactful; from how that played a role in rufus’ death, to how it doomed ida’s and vivaldo’s chances at a happy relationship or ida and her career as a singer which would’ve been entirely different had she been a white woman at that time and age.the way baldwin depicted the emotions prevalent in farewells, letting your favorite person go is one i’ll never get over. i know for a fact i’ll find myself scrambling back to the book to read the scenes describing eric’s departure from yves, and then cass and eric.it will take me some time to truly take in the book as a whole, but it is honestly a masterpiece. baldwin crafts endings so beautifully, i had chills throughout the final pages of ida and vivaldo’s discussion, and while the ending didn’t explicitly state anything, we were left in this state of lifelessness almost, like all the life has been sucked out of the world forever; and he managed to do this merely through the description of the scene and things like the coffee pot and the neighbourhood below.i genuinely will never get over this book.
“Down at her feet, in the depth of the Cave, the sea broke in foam.. . It boiled and boiled, and the cavern was transformed into a cistern, and the cistern water bellowed in a human voice - Murderess! - Murderess!”“From that spring only the birds of heaven could drink. Hadoula bent and drank. 'Ach! As I drink from your spring little birds, grant me your grace to fly away! And she laughed to herself, unable to imagine how she had thought up a joke at such a moment. But when the birds saw her, they were frightened and fluttered off in a panic.”
“thinking’s no good to anyone- is it, madam! Thinking won’t help. Not that I do it often. And if ever I do I pull myself up sharp. ‘Now then, Ellen. At it again-‘an ideal family, the singing lesson, her first ball and at the bay were so beautiful.
** spoiler alert ** i got so aggravated reaching the final pages as i wanted to see what happens next with yukiko and hajime, whether he actually changes for herthen i realized how majorly naive i was to think that;throughout the book we got to see the obsession he had with shimamoto, how he was willing to empty his life of everything if it meant being with her, and i’m sure that if shimamoto came again he would’ve thrown it all away in the blink of an eyehe was more than in love with her, she was almost part of his body, in his eyes when he saw the world it was through the memories of her imprinted on his pupils.he’d always live with a chunk of his heart stolen by shimamoto, and she’d never give it backit explored the feeling of losing that one person you know is your person, and then getting a second chanceit was sadly quite realistic, showing how so many forces are at play that seeing someone you love again doesn’t guarantee it’ll all work outand what love can make one do; rid yourself of your own family, the life you knew, completely fall apart.the writing was beautiful, with the metaphors of the sea and shadows, and even references to the aftermath of hiroshima, and the book wasn’t too long or short; the story of yukiko and hajime was left unanswered deliberately, although it showed he was bound to just stay underneath the sea, and yukiko trying to reach him would just be rain hitting the surface while deep inside he remained untouched.definitely worth reading(up to now i have not really liked any of his main characters)
must-read to understand much of the thought processes governing the decisions of so many politicians and overall actors of the past and todayplus the root of “it is better to be feared than to be loved if one cannot be both”.+ “one has to remark that men ought either to be well treated or crushed” probably the end of my short lived IR reading era for this year lmao
the cutest book<3 the innocence of it was so comforting
poetry is usually very questionable with me, either i hate it and get lost trying to figure out what is truly trying to be conveyed or i fall in love with the way the poet writes to describe any possible feeling or experience, and the way i feel reading it; this poetry collection undoubtedly falls in the second category; emotions are portrayed so beautifully and we travel with the poetry, like in “i had a dream about you”, one of my favorites from the poems, where we follow him and his lover in a hostage situation, with mentions of cows and UFOs in a way that it sticks, where “told you so” is used, very rarely, almost comedically in a way that works. such dark and important issues are covered in the poetry, like with someone who wants to end their life;the writing is absolutely phenomenal, lines send shivers down your spine, like “all night i stretched my arms across him, rivers of blood, the dark woods, singing with all my skin and bone ‘please keep him safe’” (i loved some so much i had to note them).some were undoubtedly confusing to me but that was on a personal level as in general i don’t do well with poetry, i’m even surprised this poetry had the effect it did on me.
i wish this play was longer, the amount of societal issues it explored, such as performing femininity for men with dogmatic, blinkered views about what constitutes a woman and moral or immoral behaviour, but also the emotional side of a mysterious mother-daughter relationship was amazing to read; the plot twist was sustained throughout not in some gauche way to breed drama; the plot of another wealthy family affair in the 19th century sounds very boring but it’s a whole other story reading it
Really enjoyable ride. Bit cliché characters as far as the sleuths go. What actually happened in the murder mystery is a bit silly.Super quick and interesting writing style though.
In my opinion the best book of the first era.
Never before or since has a book moved me so profoundly. A testament to human nature and a critique on people's greed. Artistically perfect and exquisite. I recommend it to everyone.
My god what a journey. Totally emerging and absolutely unputdownable. Recommend it everyone that likes science fiction and is tilting on the geek side.
Pick it up now, don't think about it. Try not to tear the pages from frustration and try to fill that gap when you finish it. A masterpiece.
Well, what can i say? Tamsyn did it again.
A short and bittersweet story of two friends looking for work during the Great Depression. Loved it. Since it is a fast read I recommend it to everyone.
Truly one of the greatest books i've read so far. A soul splitting and heart crashing journey through life.
Finished it in 3 days. Can't put this book down. Also makes me want to sacrifice a couple of lives... A must-read.
I honestly liked it. Not because i am a psycho or whatever but because through its "non real" warning, it actually shows a reality. You people think that these things couldnt possible be real? Or hadnt been real? There are so many places in the world that women are oppressed and used as sexual tools. Their lives dont matter at all and men have the upper hand. Yes this world written in the book exists. Maybe not exactly like that, maybe EXACTLY like that or even worse. We will never know. And our "logic" make us see it as it is shown to be' a fantastic sadistic world. But i personally doupt its that simple. For these reasons, from my perspective its a great book, since it does show reality in its cruelest form.
The last two chapters.... Were a pain in the ass. This book goes to a speciao category of mine along with Kafka's book where in the end i want to *insert this meme that throws the table away*. Highly recommended. Beautiful book!
I got to read this book when i was 12-13. I remember i was sick and stuck in the bed. I was reading it at night. And i do remember me constantly staring at the door in though that someone would open it and kidnnap me. In few words, this book IS AWESOME!!!
Still feel quite bad for Five. They should have given him a last approval. they couldnt be friends ofc but still...he is one of them...Just...WOW!!!
Enjoyed the fact that i was reading a book written by a priest! Plus it gave me intel about what i search for
I honestly have nothing to say! It was a miracle reading it!
Yes! This feeling again! This feeling of hating and loving it at the same time! I hate the author for what she is doing to us and i hate that each time i close a finishing book i wanna scream out of anger of not knowing what happens next that specific moment. Chrysabelle still gets on my nerves so so so much! She is soooo fkng annoying! And still i finish a book with NO good ending -even though i know things are going to be fckd up next- for my fav duo, Doc and Fi. I mean come on Kristen!! A preordered-notwanted wife??? Fuck pack's laws! I feel so.... So.... Pissed! Its 4/5 because i HATW CHRYSABELLE! its not just your life bi*tch, everyone else has a life too, you are so egocentric as if everything is about u! But its not! Yes ppl i m talking ro fkng chrysabelle. Go f urself chrysabelle.As u come to conclude yes i just finished this fkng book and i cant contain my overhype! Please someone tell me its a good end for doc and fi!! But... I m starting to realise it wont be a good ending for anyone.... Kristen dont torture us like thaaat!!
Even though at some points there is too much info that is also out of topic...it remains a very good book!
This book warmed my heart
I bought this book because I travelled in Vietnam and that was the only Vietnamese book that was translated in Greek. And I liked the cover and the title. Even though I like the writing of the author and she makes me feel nostalgic about things I have never experienced, she doesn’t help me understand what I am reading She refers to things like readers from around the globe are supposed to know what they mean. She also doesn’t focus on the characters and never explains why and how they got arrested and what happened to them afterwardsI felt like I had too many unknown words but that’s probably the translator’s fault- they should have put notes. All in all I feel like I should read it again but I’m not sure if it would help me really understand it as I would want to
First attempt to read horror literature and I think many are gonna follow
This is a sensitive book, that will feel like a fairytale whispered in your ear by a little girl. However, the meanings are big and deep. One of them is that laws and justice are not some perfect gods, but they are part of a system made and controlled by humans and it follows their path and their flaws. Racism, hate and stupid mindsets only take this world backwards. Then, now and forever...
It had so much suspense and provoked me a lot of emotions (even though it's a completely non realistic story) but, not even one description? It's literature! It's the art of the speech. We didn't get a description even for a damn room. Most books today and especially the ones written by American writers today, is like they were written so someday they could become a movie. And they would become good movies. But now we are talking about books. 3 stars just because I couldn't leave it from my hands and because I liked the plot twist!
This book will teach you how to play an 'infrasonata' on a piano with keys for infrasonic notes, how to send a package from the International Space Station to Earth, how to move your entire house and how to distort time in order to arrive on time for your appointment!! It will even teach you how to get rid of the book once you've read it.Very funny and at the same time very informative. If you like XKCD comics then this is definitely a must read!
Interesting read...Marjane's story of growing up in Persia in complicated times, history with humor and a twist.Small font in the complete series, gave me some trouble reading with bedside light, but that may just be the universe signaling I need glasses. Or the bigger books...
Nesbo at his best.
What a strange book. Loved it!
As dictated by my daughter Stella aged 8. A bit slow to begin with but then got caught up in the magic. Loved meeting the heroes especially when Zar caught Wish and when Wish discovered she was magic.
Long awaited - read in greek with 9 year old Stella who now wants her own goodreads accountStella gives 4,5 stars, liked the fast and adventurous pace, thought it was well written and fun. She was furious with the identity of the narrator, considers it a betrayal and Cressida a cheat as she had mentioned that the narrator would be from the first book. Also says she does not see the use of the adult names at the end of the book and that it felt rather pointless. Adult view I quite enjoyed it but less than the other 3 books. Liked the adventures and me too felt the adult names and more so their connection annoying. Spoilers ahead. . . . . . . . So why, why why? Why would they need to be Arthur and Morgana and Lancelot in any version of the future? When in character they are nothing alike? And their formed connections would make it very unlikely to fulfill such or any similar story. Pointless and spoils the ending, sorry Cressida it a 3 from me
Started this one on a long bus trip having absolutely no idea what it was about.After the initial surprise (a book about rabbits?) and the initial impulse to close it (because, seriously a book about rabbits?) I found out I couldn't put it down.OK, rabbits it was, smart, loving, brave, cunning little fellows with adventures equal to any human or elf.Loved it- will never look at rabbits the same way.
Good fun...Wishing my old age is half as crazy and mysterious and active
Jacominus sneaked into my life yeterday, a gift for my 7 year old daughter. "May be a touch too simple for her but it has lovely pictures" said the giftbearer.I woke up early today, blessed with children still asleep and sat with my morning coffee to enjoy the silence. Flipped through the pages....A smile crept in my face, a promise in my heart not to let the rich hours slip by unnoticed.Fire and Brimstone! Let's hope my friends, we too get it right in the end....(read in greek edition)
What a fun read!Not much of a graphic novel person myself, this was picked by my 11 year old as a summer read (compromise).We both loved it! What an interesting villain, quick and witty and may be with a heart? Daughter who loves to scetch really appreciated the illustrations.
Interesting read but something missing.
Read it for a second time this time in greek along with Irene, my lovely 11 year old who doesn't like books. Well, she liked this one😊Good translation.Felt Christopher loud and clear, talking straight to me like he did 17 years ago.Could see through his eyes the world storming in with all those tiny details, sounds, smells. And the surface of people's world and feelings just touching me.I felt moved by his journey, to London, to some understanding, to forgiveness, and who knows to advanced maths physics and space...Because well he can do anything...
May our years be long and our discomforts few.May in our old age, we have good friends, good porto wine and crazy extraordinary lives.What an extraordinary book, starts ordinary plain funny and constantly transforms before your very eyes into a fairy tale, into a satire, into a postapocalyptuc fiction, into a mysticistic mystery. And much more I've probably missed reading the comments here.It's really not something I can describe, but do read it and find out.I wanted to say that when I grow up, I wanna be like Carrington, but hey, well, she never had my so ordinary, so middle class, so comfortable and conformistic middle age years so I'll have lots of catching up to do to be the crazy old lady of my dreams. I do have cats, though, and that's always a good start.To Lapland my sisters, on a sleigh...
More a 3,5 stars.Not bad but "we need to talk about kevin" kept spoiling my read.An interesting read, well build characters, especially Blythe's background, the same questions about fault, postpartum depression, love, a difficult child vs a murderous one.I enjoyed the book, but no where near how deeply unsettling and disturbing Kevin was (maybe should do a reread though)
A man imprisoned for a crime ge didn't commit. A woman suspended in the past and a marriage from a distance. A friend who becomes a lover. A friend who becomes a rival. A lover who becomes a friend.Unsettling. Stinging somewhere deep inside. Feeling trapped from every view point. Everyone has a point, everyone is in the wrong. Did they get to choose or not on the end? Is there an end? New starts and a glimmer of hope.A good book....
** spoiler alert ** It's my second visit to the discword. Enjoyed meeting young Mort and good old Death.A good run around the disc but the end left me wondering........spoilers ahead....Everything went smoothly (as much as expected by yound Mort that it), up until the duel.I am not a fan of sudden (deus ex machina) solutions I'm afraid.I was dumbstruck. What happened here?Why is Mort marrying the "other" girl? Why become king? What happens to Kale in this lifeline? Whatever...
Lockdown book 1An interesting read...The webs we thread in our lives, lies told and lies received, how well we know those nearest?And a murder to spin it all....Liked Neve, good mother, wife, friend, hard working, taking care of everyone and everything as things go. Tangled in a mess of her own making, as things go. With her friends and their problems, her marriage, her strange troubled daughter rotating around her.Spoiler alert (small) ...Liked the way she pulled it offThe lies that will remain with her till the end, but then again...
Another interesting Bussi. Loved the younger Clotilde and her diary and appreciated her middle aged self.Liked the corsican family, the old pater familia, the sexual tension amongst the teenage crowd, the couples dynamic.
As always Gaiman has this dreamlike quality. I lift my eyes from the book unsure if I read or dreamt it. It pulls me in. I wake up unsure if it was a dreamwalk or another chapter.Big books at times stretching things but so do dreams, so do gods and our prayers too.
Jacominus sneaked into my life as a gift for my 7year old daughter. And today I took my morning coffee flipped through the pages. A magical book. Left a smile on my face, a promise to not let the riches heures go by unnoticed in my heart. Fire and brimstone my friends! Hope we too get it right! in my heart
Touching little book.Read it in a couple of days (in spanish which is really fast for my level).Felt touched moved and annoyed at the same time...Part of it is the plot and especially the psychologist role (she seemed too involved and inadequate at the same time).Part is the way this book uses easy tricks to provoke our sadness and sentiments.But i guess mostly it's not the book, it's me.I wish I was a young and/ or naive reader, easily manipulated, having a good cathartic cry at the end of the book.But, alas, I am much too old and/or wise. I am reluctantly moved and annoyed, like seeing through the tricka of a magician. 3.5 starsNot my kind of circus...
Stella (younger daughter, aged 8, huge Harry Potter fan) insists on 5/5 rating.She thinks it felt real and kept her interested and worried all through the book eventhough she had already seen the movie.I thought it was just the script, had fun reading parts aloud with her, but that's about it (more like a 3,5 on my list) Apparently I am not allowed to vote for less (but I may express myself)
Felt a lot like a 007 movie.Fast, interesting, not a masterpiece but certainly a book to enjoy. Like the movies😉
Heatwave in town. Found refuge in the cool of the library, silence, my kids reading on the floor, in the mood for fairy tales... So I picked this in the adult section and read it in one of those kid reading boxes. Liked the stories mixing and twisting, loved the illustration, adored the ending and the dedication in the beginning... Nothing super special but it put a smile on my face
Just loved it❤️Stolen from my 8 year old who had borrowed it from kids library. I had to read it overnight because she is soooo possessive with library books and had to stifle a laughter all night long.We had seen the musical and movie, but the book was so much more fun (as it usually is)
Bought for my not so little anymore bookworm, Stella, who is now 12 and reading mostly stories of teenage love and despair.Well, young lady, some of us remain young at heart and still waiting their letter to one magical school or the other.Having said that, the Schoolmance would not be at the top of my list.What a dark, deadly place! Loved the description and dear, moody, secluded El, enjoyed the description of power balance, the moral dilemmas in this weird place, and the reluctant love story of those two very different heroes.Loved the end.Let's see where the next book takes us...
Read after seeing the Netflix series.Good book, liked the story of young Beth growing up, living in chess and playing in life.Would probably given it 4 stars but I liked the series so much better (that's a rare first)...
Read with 9 year old StellaWe are both huge fans!Felt a bit strange reading about an epidemic and curfews as we are currently (again) in a deep red covid zone and locked in. Loved how Morrigan grows through this adventure, how she values her friends and starts deciding for herself. Very interesting how the plot unfolds, how people get multidimensional, and the borders between good and evil, expected and necessary become blurred. Can't wait to see where my buddy Ezra will end (adult's favorite character😁)
How can one add pictures here?Found it in an open air lending library inside a boat in the lovely island of Kimolos in Greecehttps://greece.greekreporter.com/2019...Fast read in a day by the beach, interesting read, kept me entertained for the day but nothing more.First mystery interesting but felt cut from the story, second mystery interesting but again not very well constructed, and being a hospital doctor myself felt there where gaps in the whole plot, lots of details really do not add up and generally all this would be impossible to happen in even the most disorganized hospitals....
One of those books that resonate in your head...Closed it but felt the ghosts of the girls, the women and other still with me in the room, whispering stories, stroking my hair, holding my hand.It is a tapestry of stories and lives slowly woven and coming together, of dreams and compromise, of love and betrayal, of hope and what makes us whole. Need to read it in english sometime in the future, greek translation had some issues.
A random finding in a hotel self.Short stories well structured, well written, rounding up in such a unique way each and every time.Loved it
Once in a while, randomly, rarely, I read a book that leaves me with my mouth open, my brain burning, my heart racing...Where did all this come from?How could Liu Cixin imagine all that?A scifi mystery starting with murder in the midst of the chinese revolution, secret bases, scientists who lost their faith and environmentalists who have found radical solutions far far away...Physics (bit complex for me but again presented in a layman friendly way), different worlds and different ways of existing.So hard to present the awe I felt without spoilers really...A five star for originalityThough I felt the characters were a bit two dimensional (pun intented) .
A very funny book. Huge hit as a bedtime story with daughters. Truly enjoyed reading it loud (english and greek translation to my 6 & 8 year olds), loved the story and illustrations...Only problem had to do it in one sitting due to popular demand and personal interest...
3.5 really.Lovely narrative, I could feel the stories of the family coming to life.Liked young Luz and her feisty cousin and the whole crowd of family and friends around them.But.... (Spoilers ahead).............The ending felt rushed and incomplete, the last events, the actions leading to the breakup incomprehensible, the same for Avel revenge, Diego's return and the rounding up of the book felt a bit like a school assignement ending, like the author herself had gotten bored with writing and wanted the book completed
Eversince I was a kid I loved Greek mythology. And I always did try to read between the lines and imagine what the girls really did and thought. I had never given Circe much thought. And suddenly there she was, a minor nymph, a short stop in Ulysses journey, introducing herself, growing bolder, stronger, wiser... Growing in my mind and in my heart. A lovely book, beautifully written, brings the images to life, and circe's character as well...
Read after seeing the series on Netflix.Not impressed, one of the few times the movie was better than th book I guess.People tell me to give 6 crows a try, might do
An easy seaside read borrowed from the hotel library.A bit of magic, a bit of ambition, a bit of love and separation, a little whiff of patriarchy.Enjoyed it, but did not really intrigue me...
This a weird 5 star rating-may be I'm overdoing it again.Was a bit reserved when ordering the book, I am always a bit cautious with raving reviews. Left it lying around for weeks or months and then the other day I picked it up.Suddenly I was in the marshes of North Carolina, listening to birds... I am not much of a nature person, have been to a lake natural reserve once in my life, but the images, the flapping of the wings, the silence and the crickets, it all sprung to life in my head.Liked stubborn little Kya, struggling to survive and growing strong.I will have to agree on some reviews, descriptions were heavenly but dialogs had room for improvement.Good thing they didn't speak much😊The mystery was a bit predictable but it didn't spoil it for me. I finished the book in awe, so honoring the feeling, it's a 5⭐
First saw the movie with tween daughter (11), we both loved the movie and the music, ah, the music...(It opened a window out of trap music- adults in the family very grateful).She then wanted to read the book, another wow factor as she is not much into books.So I found a translation to Greek which came out only now in 2020, by a young high school student so in love with the book that she had to translate it and share!(could not find it in Greek in goodreads).I would probably have fallen in love with the book too in my teenage years, but still felt very drawn to it in my 40s, nostalgic even...I could still relate to this wallflower feeling, the books, the music, the world spinning around you but feeling unable to follow.Well written, well translated, a 5star all together...
Read in greek with Stella as a part of #bookclub of #kokkinialepouStella:It's now one of my favorite books, I thought it was very funny and interesting and very different. I loved Crowly, he reminds of my sister with sunglasses. Anathema is very smart and also my favorite. The gang of kids could really be my friends. Adam was fun and wise at the same time. This books makes Armageddon seem fun.5 stars from Stella.For me it would be more like a fun 4star read. Overally, had fun reading it, could imagine the authors having fun writing it, and imagine the series to be a good laugh too. But not impressed, liked others gaiman and Pratchett books better.But obviously we're giving the rating the little boss wants.
A nice summer mystery read, in a funny way reminded me the famous 5 or any other old favorite with kids solving mysteries.That's the kind of old age I'm dreaming of really, suffering mildly in a posh supported living community with interesting crazy mates....A solid 4
Nothing like the most famous books of Ken Follett, but again a fun read. Guess I am a bit into viruses stories lately. Plot and romances not always convincing, a bit slow at parts, maybe needing a bit of editing. But other expectations aside, 4 stars for its genre
Another fun book from dear Mr Gaiman.Loved the empowerment of fat Charlie and how he changed and grew through the surprising events and difficulties of the book.Spider was reckless fun to begin with but then diminished to let his other half grow, somewhat too much, I think.But then again, life, especially in the godly sphere, is balance and symmetry betweenpoles, so I guess it makes sense.Loved how the circle closes at the end of the book.
Interesting series. A bit complicated, just the way a like it many threads happening at the same time, but then again, so is life. Fast paced, well written, kept me interested till the end.Mmm, yes, the end...Really dislike the cliffhanger endings, it's a book, not some kind of TV series. A star removed for that..
After an impatient wait for the greek translation as read and reviewed by the youngest Stella (8 years, my comments in brackets) :My favorite so far... Loved the magic school and the new characters. Enjoyed how the breach of trust was punished with one but was forgiven with the other ("don't forget the spoiler mum" so I took out the names).Did not like the ending, and all cliff hanging endings that leane me waiting for a year (oh, the young ones....)
Second reading at 45.Honestly can't recall my feelings the first time round, when I suppose I would have identified more with Holden.Fast forward to now, enjoyed the book, found Holden immensely real and honest, his talk, his feelings, his pain.But felt the pain and sadness in a detached manner, like a doctor, or a mother, or a teacher something to worry about, something to despair, something to treat or avoid.Liked the young man though. Would have touched his hair too when he was asleep, wishing him the best... Hope he would have thought of me as a very nice old lady, fun to talk to.
Fun little read.Seemed somewhat like a fun little wtite for Pullman. Not really adding something to his universe
Read as a part of a kids book club in Greek with Stella (now aged 9). Thank you #kokkinialepou#Stella says it's not her kind of book and that she doesn't like sad stories. But nevertheless she thought it was a good book.I thought it was a book full of hope, but then again I like books that bring tears to my eyes.It's a story of growing up, of accepting and loving yourself. Mafalda is a young girl gradually losing her sight and throughout the book she moves from counting the things she can no longer do to the things she can do. She finds true friends and love, she finds strength and courage.Mafalda has a strong and clear voice, I felt easily connected with the young girl. Estella her older friend is also a great character. Loved the book (and the cover😊). Not sure if I would recommend it to young ones, it felt more like one of those kids books that adults enjoy...
Bought in Greek for my 10year old daughter.A great hit with both her and the 8year old.Diverse, covers everything from body change to friendship, love and parents...Highly recommended
I do wonder how on earthsea I grew up, reading fantasy and never coming across dear Ursula. In my younger years I would have fallen passionately in love with her books, her worlds and her easy way with words, her characters in books and her person in real life.But I found her in my middle age, very happy to find a book that made me feel like a much younger reader, very much enjoyed Ged's story, liked the way it was written, simple and precise, quick paced, no unnecessary fioritures. It drew me right in, raced me to the finish line and had me thinking of Ged and the next books for days to come.It would have been a six stars, but as I said, alas, one becomes resistant to enchantment in middle age...
Another YA book stolen from grumpy and possessive daughter Stella (now 10 and with her own goodreads account).Read stealthily (as I am not supposed to read her books before she does), a bit like my teen years when I read under the covers (younger souls probably don't have a clue what I'm talking about - I would happily let my daughters skip school if they stayed up reading literature). But enough about me.Absolutely loved young Nora, her quick wit and humor ever in darker places. Her resilience and capacity to love and connect despite her dark past. Her courage and inventiveness.Quick, fast paced, kept me hanging on and waiting for the next page.Can't wait to see the movie (with Stella of course, I love you little witch and will steal your books for ever)
May be I had high expectations from this one, set in Greece, my home place, last Kerr novel.It just did not click with me. A good enough book, but not as interesting as others in the series.
A random birthday present, all the more joy in an unexpectedly great book.I hadn't heard of Ray Celestin and his City Blues Quartet, hadn't met Ida and Michael. Well, pleased to meet you I guess and to be introduced to this dark post war New York tale. Atmospheric read, an almost cinematographic immersion to the word of gangs of NY, the Copa, the jazz scene and all. Characters well written (even for those of us who hadn't read the previous installments), multilayered, complex. Fast paced, full of conspiracies and twists, mixing love and revenge to a happy ending. And I know what my next book purchases will be😉
Complicated amd twisted, a solid whodunit by Bussi.Tension building up nicely, likeable characters, a bit far fetched solution for the crimes and a very fitting ending
As dictated by my daughter Stella aged 8Lovely book full of fantasy and magic and many plot twists. Personal favorites the love story and the night of the party.Recommended for all ages, one of the best books I have read.
As mentioned before, it just gets better and better with every book.Can't write much, off to buy the next one....
One of the favorites of my youth. Sadly the magic was gone when I reread it in my forties.
I picked up this book unaware of the plot, just picking up a book about love and friendship by Ishiguro, after the Nobel prizes were announced. Initially it felt like a coming of age book, I enjoyed the whole boarding school ambiance, the tales of growing up, friendships developing, love untold in the air... I slipped easily into the book, into Kathy's character, her story, her feelings, her voice. I liked the author's style, was drawn into his world. Then the secret came out, an interesing twist for me (as I said I had no clue about the plot), but instead of luring me in , it actually pushed me away. I did feel very strongly the moral issues raised in the book, it did make me think. What I found hard to believe was the main characters reaction to their fate, I couldn't be convinced that any kind of preparation, of dressage even from the very beginning could breed this resignation to fate, even the anticipation to get it over with, to terminate. If I could feel that, I would sympathise, it would feel all the more dramatic and tragic. But I couldn't.
As though our lives were not random enough, how to further mess them oh die?I faintly remember loving the book the first time round, but the second time was a bit slower, the idea of random less appealing, I don't know, maybe my older self values chaos less...
Another strange winding book, a labyrinth of growing up or down , exchanging selves and views... A labyrinth I enjoyed getting lost into...
Flying through the book, feeling the wunder collecting in my heart like a much younger reader! That is true magic to enjoy like a child. When is the next one due?Lockdown book 2Reread with daughter Stella aged 9 (translating the whole thing to Greek)Her review (need to get her own account) :Five stars (bright)Lots of fantasy, lots of twists, one of favorite books ever... Glad to know Morrigan better, feel like she's an old friend now. Mum's best friend is Ezra, don't ask me why...
Bought for my 11year old in the Greek translation. Felt true to the book. A bit annoying that 2nd book comes out in 2022...
I liked the concept of anti-fragility. Some examples given by the author are debatable.
I think that this book lacks a start and a finish, which for me is a large set back. I read the first chapter and I thought ‘ok’. Every time I read one of the next chapters, I was lead to the impression that the chapter had nothing to do with the previous one. Well, it had some common points, otherwise the chapters would be part of a different book. It seems that the chapters are stories either that take place in Santa Teresa or have something to do with a German writer called Archinboldi (or both). In any case, there is not a single plot, but rather several plots evolving around an axis. Be that as it may, I was not bored nor discouraged and managed easily to reach to the end (despite being such a long read). I found myself lost like an explorer who is searching signs of some past civilization in an excavation site and on the way discovers relics and fossils (and I mean this in the most positive of ways possible, not be considered as something negative), but when a reached the last page I wish there was more to explore.
This is one of the most beautiful books I have ever read, despite the cheesy ending.
The book is about a man who tries to win the love of his life by gaining wealth and reputation. He was unlunky enough that the woman he loved would not have noticed him unless he was well off. He finally makes the big one, but by the time he does his love is in the arms of another man. So what does he do? He tries to win her over. But.. is it really worth it? In the end, he is forgotten by everyone, because, I guess, nobody wants to be related with a man who’s known to have connections with the underground. Of course, everybody loved him when he was in his prime, and threw parties and spent money for the people around him. This is a very well written book, but it could not keep me focused and at some point I just wanted it to be over. Well, the best part was the end of it, but for another reason. It was very thrilling and moving at the same time. Maybe I am being very strict, because I expected more from the book, but there was something in the characters in the book that sounded fake to me and did not make me relate to any of them. I would like to give it another try in the future, since I have seen it in many lists of must-read books.
Before reading a book, I always go to check the summary and some reviews to get a glimpse of what is going on. Having read the book, I want to address some issues. This is a science fiction book, so the writer can make up anything involving the social circumstances described in it. So, in the book, you might read that most girls are not accepted in the army because "many generations of evolution have worked against them". What if? This is a book of fiction (not reality) so you can make anything up. But, you will have to make solid characters. The boys in the book do not talk like boys, and that bothered me a little. Hearing a six year old talk like that, was kind of weird, even if the boys were of higher intellect. The novel proceeds in portraying how 'special' kids are often isolated and bullied at a small age and how adults often treat them. You can get lost in the book if you were a 'special' kid yourself and you can identify with the characters in the book at some level. On top of that, the book does a fairly good job providing an action-packed, engaging and fast paced plot. It is what you would expect from a military book novel, and I believe it delivers.
When I read a book first and then I see the movie that is based on it, I get disappointed ALL of the times. It happened to me for example with Life of Pi. The movie is very disappointing compared with the book. I think what happens to me is that I create in my mind a different picture from what the director of the movie presents to me, and that really bother me. With Hellbound Heart, it was the other way around for me. The movie is directed by the same person that has written the book, so I thought that the pictures which were presented to me by both the book and the movie won’t be much different. I remembered the movie pretty well prior to reading, because I began reading the book with two weeks difference between that and watching the movie. My conclusion, is that no matter how well the movie is directed (I believe that it was, since the director was the writer of the book), the book will always be better. This is a must read for all horror fans, by the way.
Before reading this book, I had high expectations because I had read the “The Girl Next Door” of the same author. I expected it to be of equal calibre, but I was disappointed. Even though the author does a great job to build the suspense, at the end he fails to deliver. It is a nice horror story, though, and very enjoyable to read.
Even though Adams says that this is a story about rabbits which was meant to entertain his children, I find that hard to believe. While progressing my reading, I discovered that the adventures of the rabbits could might as well be adventures of actual people. I noticed many similarities to situations society has created, which we all see or encounter every day.When I started reading this book, I found the first chapter a little boring. The reason is that not much happens, except for the decision to leave the warren and the effort of gathering as much rabbits as possible. It was hard for me to relate to any of the characters, which I found either very annoying, like Fiver, or very flat. Gladly, after the first Chapter, the personality of the rabbits unfolds, and Fiver receives a more secondary role in the novel. All the adventures described in the rest of the Chapters as well as the side stories of El-ahrairah are very entertaining and action packed and kept me interested in the book until the end.
reading this book felt like a warm hug
2.5 to main story oloklhrwthhke sto 50%???? to upoloipo htan side stories. giati toso rushed??? eixa expectations kai tha htan polu pio fun an to story htan pio analutiko
"It comes as a great shock around the age of five or six or seven to discover that Gary Cooper killing off the Indians, when you were rooting for Gary Cooper, that the Indians were you". Brilliant James Baldwin.
Unexpectedly good!
You will love Mevlut. He may be changing alongside Istanbul, but at the same time he is still the same. A kindhearted man with pure beauty inside him. You will, also, definitely find yourself absorbed in this story,since historical elements are predominant in this novel, thus making the reader fully understand the strangeness in Mevlut's mind: everything is changing but not Mevlut's heart of gold.
Very powerful. An authentic feminist read.
"I now knew... I knew that when the great guiding spirit cleaves humanity into two antagonistic halves, I will be with the people. [...] I see myself being sacrificed to the authentic revolution."
Absolutely loved it! 👍Great pace, I didn't get bored not even for a second, it was like watching a movie! Small chapters which make the booking easier to read and a plot twist that I didn't expect. What more could I ask for? Five ⭐ from me.
This is the first book I ever read. I was five and my dad took me to the bookstore across the street and among thousands of books I chose "The Mysterious Island". I finished it in a week and I asked for "more books, daddy, please!"I can only award 5* to the book that opened for me the magical door and initiated me to the world of reading! I have re-read it more than 20 times since then and I always discover something new that eluded me before!What an adventure and what a ride! Thanks Mr. Verne!J.
I really loved the TV series, so I thought I should give it a try. Quite amusing, easily read while sunbathing on a Corfu beach. The family comments made me laugh many times, oh how I love the English attitude in such crazy scenes that took place in the narrative. However, it was a bit boring for me, here and there, when there were long descriptions of insects and reptiles, which I detest 🫣. Letting this last part out, I enjoyed reading the adventures of the Durrells in Greece. Don't miss the series!!!
I had a great fun reading it. I definitely recommend it !
A great book, very human
3.5 starsI liked it (obviously from my rating)! It is the story of the turbulent times under king's Henry VIII, from the prespective of Thomas Cromwell.The narration is great, even though sometimes it gets too much. Hilary Mantel has an excellent way of describing people. Her talent is unique. We can see them as the others do but on the next line we know what's going on inside their minds and hearts. That is also the talent of Mr Cromwell whose story is unique in every way. Sorrow few men have lived to tell, success like no other, pain that has not destroyed him but forged him stronger than rock and metal. All these but in the same time so human that makes you wonder. So why after all it's 3.5 stars?Because the story is told with more details than needed to. What is more, for me it lacked emotion.. I couldn't live through the characters their emotions, I couln;t be a part of this world. It was like i watched everything from above, like a God, but not through Cromwell.So all in all, if you have the time read it! But not because it won the Booker. It might not be what you're expecting..
ok this is the fifth installment of the best selling house of night series by pc and kristin cast. in this one zoey, a sixteen y.o fledgling has to deal with evil Neferet, a totally irresistible gorgeous fallen angel Kalona who seems to be able to call to the part of zoey's soul which once was Aya an ancient cherokee maiden made of the five elements to entrap Kalona indefinitely inside earth, and finally Zoey has to deal with guess what??? yeah your guess is right.... Boyfriend issues!!! ok i know thst for some readers boyfriend issues are getting annoying but i find it totally intriguing and i know that relationship problems always mess the other parts of our lives so i totally get it and think it is quite interesting the way Zoey solves her problems( well maybe with a little help from the Goddess, fate and ..... Neferet well let's face it if Neferet hadn't killed some of her boyfriends things woulb me much more complicated!!!) So all in all Zoey finds her inner strength that sources from her strong devotion and faith to her Goddss and all the love she has from her friend ( Aphrodite rocks!!!!) and her Grandma ( love you Grandma redbird, u totally remind me of mine). so i totally loved it and recommend it to everyone ( Zoey a High pristess??? no fun but Aphrodite is a perfect choice. i can totally imagine her saying: damien and shaunee blow dry my hair, erin and shauene make me a warm bath , weird imprinted stevie ray make me smell like spring and no-cussing girl ,a.k.a zoey, i lost my pills so can you make spirit to lift my mood a little. and when you re done leave me the fuck alone nerd herd minion. you know that deep down i love me more than you right??? hehehe weird fantasy huh??)
It was funny. That´s a fact. So many facts about Dutch people and Dutch culture seem out of place or even weird but to be honest Europe is a weird place and the cloggies are no different. Charming and appealing in their own way, if you re open to new experiences you will love living in the Netherlands or with a Nederlander. Yet sometimes you feel frustrated but it s all part of the charm. The approach of the book was very funny but at some points it felt really insulting and I disliked that feeling greatly. It is a nice read, sometimes hilarious sometimes boring and repetitive but it is what the title says: an observation - nothing more nothing less.
A real page turner! Dan Brown for me is an all time classic! You know that from the first page you re going to get into a world of conspiracy, plot twists, betrayal, scientific discoveries half fiction half real, a race with time, funny facts of the world around us, mesmerising desciption of european cities and of course an ode to the human spirit! Well, needless to say is that this book got it all in a nice package. Although the concept was amazing, I mean really AMAZING, it was delivered not in the best way. Clues were easy to find, riddles not much of a challenge, characters were not very realistic and much of the book was spent running with no time fr thinking or finding more for the characters. Their motives and past were given as a intermediate part in the story telling. However, the description were wonderful, the twists very strong and mr. Brown knows what is going to make you want to turn the next page. Read it before the movie is released!
the third book in the house of night series and i just cant stop reading this exquisite series!!!! more boyfriend issues for zoey and things are getting really complicated for her as her different aspects of her character is the main reason for all the problems she has to face. the old zoey the advanced fledling zoey and the grown up xoman zoey strech her and make her foul her friends with lies till everything is revealed and zoey is exposed to the righteous anger of her friend. thankfully her beloved goddess Nyx is still there for her showing how compassionate and all-forgiving while stevie ray comes back from the dead yeah!!!!! can't wait to read more juicy news from th H.o.N. series.. you Casts rock my world!!
Very close to 3 out of 5 stars but not quite there.. It was a short trip back to Talia and the stravaganti world that really brought back happy memories. However, as a book it didn't stand to my expectations.. The story-line is pretty strong: Laura ,a 16 year old desperate girl, resolves to self-harming to ease the pain of her demons. The reason why she turns to cutting herself i'll leave it to you to find out as i consider it to be one of the most moving scenes in the book (though i didn't like the way it was described...I expected a more personal and eotional scene). But being one of the sad in Islington, makes you a candidate Stravaganti. So when Prince Jaccobo di Chimici of Fortezza leaves his last breath, Talia is in danger of a great turmoil. So the time comes for a new stravaganti to appear and save the fragile peace of Talia once more. Laura is the chosen one this time but her role is more complicated than the others because duty and love divide Laura's heart.Laura's task is to travel to Talia with fer talisman, a silver dagger (what an irony it is!) so she can help Princess Luccia to claim and keep her rightfull place on the throne of Fortezza. But on the same time Ludo, a Manoush we met earlier in the series appears to be Jaccobo's elder and only son, an illegitimate one though. The citizens of Fortezza are divided between their loyalty to the royal family and Luccia, a female ruler, and to to Ludo, the new-comer and a male ruler. Finally a civil war starts and Ludo fight for the throne. Now, we can all imagine what is the reaction of the rest of the di Chimici family members. So Fortezza is under siege from the army gathered to provide tha Luccia will rise to the throne. Laura's job is to travel between the city and the castle the prncess is held and help Puccia to get back on her throne. The only problem is her love for Ludo. Though in the end it is that love that will save so many lives including their own.On the same time the other stravaganti are not idle. Rodolfo and Luciano travel tty to coordinate the Orders actions and travel to the City of Swords to provide their help so Luccia is crowned Princess and save as many lives as they can. Lucciano is to marry Arianna (great story!!) but he puts himself in immense danger many times.. Except for laura there are two new guest Stravaganti as a surprise. New friendhips are born and old problems emerge from the depth of the heros's hearts. But you have to read to find them out!What I didn't like...:Laura story is not fully developed. She keeps repeating the same things over and over. What is more she is cast aside from Lucianno, Nick annd the other stravagante. I know that we have to learn about the others but Laura is such a minor character that i got the feeling that the book wasn;t about her at all. The descriptions are shorter than the previous books. I didn't live Fortezza unlike Belezza or Giglia. Something was amiss. The writer developed a great plot with turns and twists (though not unexpected) but doesn't write about life in Fortezza. The city is just a name and not a city-state with its own rules and life.Last but not least..I almost got bored. I expected everything that happened. There wasn't the element of surprise or the an unexpected turn. For heaven's shake even the previous Stravaganti expected that Laura would be the new one!!For those who have read the previous books it is a must resd but don't expect to be thrilled.
hell yeah! that was i've been waiting since i finished reading tempted!!! in burned, the seventh installment in the house of night series, zoey is in the otherworld with heath. her soul is shattered and she is turning into a Caionic Shi. The High council and the rest of the vampyres are pretty sure that Zoey is eventually gonna die but hopefully her friends including Aphrodite and Jack and her sworn warrior Stark are trying to find a way to save her. Neferet on the other hand tries for the exact opposite, to keep zoey dead as she sends Kalona to Nyx's realm to find and kill zoey. Stevie rae and Kramisha back in tulsa are trying on their own to help Zoey. stevie rae invokes the whote bull to tell her how to save zoey but she has to pay a price she wasn't aware of. thnkfully rephaim her part-boy part-bird imprinted kinda boyfriend helps her and with the assistance of the black bull the banish the white one. stevie rae's information alonf with kramisha's poem show stark the way to save zoey. so they travel to scotlannd where a vampyre warrior queen and her guardian, which is more than plain warrior, help stark to get to zoey and fight kalona in order to save her. with nyx's intervention everythin ends up fine an z is back with us!! the authors use multiple perspectives narrating the story and it keeps the interest in the book at high levels! as always aphrodite is great! so all in all i can't wait for the next one! p.c. better hurry!!!!
1.5/5 starsUghh Ok I know i gave good critics to Hades and Halo, but heaven is so different. Beth has changed a lot.. unfortunately. Half the book she is not strong but totally fixated on Xavier and all-whiny! Too many twists in the story and new parallel stories are introduced to the readers but all of them left unanswered. I mean...(spoilers):1. Xavier's identiry secret wtf???2. Molly and Gabriel?3. What happened to Emily?4. What happened to Beth's friend to Hell?5. What happened with the Dark Angels?6. Now the Sevens are happy after seperating Xavier and Beth and have no interest in his powers?7. What about the Hell-Heaven war that is about to start?8. Still waiting for what happened and beth was saved from the pyre....9. What happened to Ivy after the combined Wade-Sevens intrusion?10. You mean dear writer that you think with Beth's last words we assume they are going happily ever after??? C'mon!After reading the book, if you make it, you feel as the story is incomplete.. There should me a sequel or something.About mrs Adornetto's writing skill I'd say wow! She's really good for a girl her age.. Well she could find something different to write than 'I was scared like a vampire fears the sun' but comparing that to the others defects of her book it is minor. About the plot.. well i knew what was gonna happen three chapters before except in some little turnp-points. After beth and Xavier decide to get married heaven turns against them while in the same time hell seeks revenge. They 're on the run until their pursecutors finally achieve in seperating them even temporarily (What a surprise!). But there is always a way for you to find your destiny.. Meanwhile we see how some people manipulate otheers in order for them to feel great and the vain and we can't-stop-partying American youth...But Beth and Xavier always perfect and there for each other but too absorbed in themselves to notice anything that goes around them. Not impressed at all... I expected much more...
this book is soooooooooooo great!!!!!! from the first page i felt this gihugic attraction to zoey and as the story went on i was totally engrossed. every character in this book is so real and palpable that sometimes it's hard to imagine that they don't exist in reality. yeah for nerd herd!!!! i totally fell in love with aprodite!! i mean she's a bitch and for some a ho but whatever..... in the next books she comes along with zoey and kinda hang out but she almost never misses her -i'm the queen of the world and can fuck off- attitude no matter what. this is the start of a great series and i.m sure the next installments are gonna be even better that the first!!! love y'all!!
this is one of my favourite books. it's true that the story gets abit complicated but switching eras is one of the things i found attractive to a book especially if the writer is as talented as mrs trussoni. i strongly recommend it to anyone and i can't wait fr the sequel
An absolutely gorgeous book. The introduction is so strong that hooked me immediately. Ms Clare knows her things. Gives hope and tear it apart with her vicious pen! At first i didn't get the whole connection of the characters and I knew from the beginning who would get the girl. I mean it's as obvious as the sun in a sunny day! But the way the plot twist, secrets are revealed, others are left hidden just is what makes the book worth-reading. Tessa, the protagonist, fights her feelings for Will in order to be properly with Jem without hurting none of them. At the same time she tries to fond the truth about her identity (which is really amazing and unimaginable together!)Will fights too to hide his emotion about Tessa but also for his young sister who is a very nice character. Jem is trying to survive, always the greater man and his decision didn't surprise for even a second.Charlotte, Henry, Sophie and the Lightwoods brothers are there to move the plot and give it some interesting twists.What i didn't like was the Consul's constant interference! (view spoiler)[ I would love to be the one to decapacitate him! (hide spoiler)]The solve to the mystery and the way the good wins this tim left m speechless. It was such a brilliant idea!The end made me cry.. I was expecting it but the narration was so clear and fluid, the emotion overwhelming me i just couldn't help it.All in all a great book!
Neferet's curse is a rather enlightening book! We all know that Neferet's past is dark and hatred and lust of power and control created today's Neferet, as the author has implied in many parts of the series til now, but what we don't know is what exactly happened.As so many times before darkness is born out of fear, isolation, rejection, uncertainty and rage that's what happened here once again. Emily is just a little girl taking her first steps into womanhood whaen her dear mother passes. Her father destroyed by the loss is now turning into a heavy drinker and an abusive control-freak. Locking Emily into their mansion, never letting her out, forcing her to take her mother's place as the Lady of the House is starting to tranform Emily from a lively girl to a neurotic shadow of her past self. When love knock's her heart's door hope is blooming again in her. But We can already see what her father and hiw hot burning stares have done to her. Instead of an innocent little girl, her calculating plotting self is starting to appear. This new aspect of herself terrifies her but she convinces herself that it's only because of her current distress. What is more we can see her new arrogant self and her despise for weak people. She wants to help the best people and give them a chance to become the best they can. She wants to do to others what she hasn't the chance to achieve. When the time comes for her transformation, the Goddess's gift is late. Darkness has a strong hold of her. Revenge is in the air she breaths. Rejection of her best friends and previouw love of hers as well as the constant rape oh her soul and finally her body utterly kill the innocents Emily and give birth to Neferet!A beautiful story, nothing too impressing. The plot was expected to be as such. I enjoyed reading it all in all. Though even now i don't like Neferet because when she had the chance to follow a different path, the path of forgiveness and love she tossed it all away, i understand her better now. I understand why she couldn't be under the service of another woman, as she blames partly her mother for what happened to her. Finally, once more it shows that beneath our every action a deeper motive lies. We should try to stop all kinds of violence and the lucky and fortunate of us should be thankfull to our parents and friend for creating a world safe and happy for us to live.
ohmigod!!!!! it was super addictive. one of the best books in the series so far!!!! Goddess i was totally hooked. things are starting to clear up for Zo and the nerd herd though there are some new problems that i fear they may end up bad.. whatever i was glad the things turned out this way and can't wait the next instalment of the series so i can read all about Neferet getting all kicked out and humiliated and crying and getting frustrated and turning to the while bull desperate for help only to fail again and hit the bottom hard. ah i also can't wait to see about Lenobia and new horse-guy and the whole new Aurox-Heath thing. btw i'm sure tha neferet biych killed Nala or Aphrodite's cat(which i totally adore, both Aphrodite and the cat), but i'm pretty sure it was Nala... boo-hoo-hoo... :(((
well for once the angel who falls in love is a girl!! unfortunately that was the only new element this book had to offer. But i'm not complaining. it is quite well written and Beth being so innocent, naive, fragile, emotional sensitive but strong when things get difficult( it is more clear in the second book of the series Hades) makes her one of my favourites character. Xavier is great too and i wish that this book was out when i was 15 so i could really have a good role model and not the badboy/dangerous-to-hang-out-with/self-destructing type which was so popular 3 years ago. the plot is ok. it reminds a bit of the immortals series by alyson noel cause both Beth/Xavier and Ever/Damen are having troubles sent by the universe lol!!!! Oh!!! one more thing. at last Xavier is an original name. not like the other books where you can only read about some Damon/Damien/Damen guy. i still can't remember the exact name of these books, i always get comfused. so all in alla it's a great read and i strongly recommend the series
** spoiler alert ** from the twilight saga it was the book i consider the most boring. i wasn't surprised at all when Bella was left by Edward in order to keep her safe and she turned to Jacob for help. and i was so tire by Bell'a suicidal behaviour just to get a mental image of Edward though i thought that was quite romantic but never the less desperate!! only the last chapters of the books were interesting....
one of the most kick ass books of the series!!! zoey and stark are sound and safe in sgiach island while Zoey learns about the ancient ways preserved in Skye and Stark manages to overcome his fears and uses his bow again. On the othe side of the ocean at Tulsa H.o.N. stevie rae is trying hard to keep everything under control while keep rephaim secret when evil-gorgeous-bitch pops out of nowhere to bring Darkness's shit with her. a terrible loss shakes the nerd herd and especially damien, yeah unfortunately jack, is neferet's untainted sacrifice to Darkness for the debt she has. Kalona is turning against Neferet repulsed by the control she has over him and how full of hatred she is. Jack's loss forces zoey back to Tulsa where she is to perform the funeral ritual for Jack. neferet asks zoey's forgiveness in order to hide her true intentions and plans when Kalona and Rephaim are forced into view. that's when stevie rae reveals about her imprint and love for rephaim and asks her friends's understanding and support. Nyx appears and bless rephaim with a human form at night but he is to be turned into a raven at daytime as a punishment for his past crimes. Zoey and the rest of her friends after an open conflict with neferet immediately after the Goddess's appearence decide to leave the tulsa H.o.N. and move to the depot tunnels and start their own H.o.N. Neferet frustrated after her plan's failure returns to the penthouse where she meets the white bull who gifts her with a creature strong enough to replace Kalona after the sacrifice of a human, in this case zoey's mother who has regretted for her past mistakes and wants to reconcile with her daughter and mother, and neferet's complete surrender to darkness. though there is hpe because the sacrifice isn't perfect so heath soul is able to be placed in the Aurox, with the goddess's help, so he can protect zoey.
Such a wonderful journey to another world yet so similar and different at the same time with ours.Lucien is 16yo Londoner sick with brain cancer. After his first chemotherapy he is limited to his house as his exhausted body doesn't permit him any more activity than this. Until his fater brings him an old Italian, at east that's what he thinks, notebook. In fact this notebook is a talisman from Talia ,Italy in a parallel world, of the 16th century brough by the Bellezzan regent Rodolpho.As Lucien falls to sleepholding his notebook he is transfered to Bellezza...and get hiself in trouble. He materialises in the Forbidden day, a day when no one except people born in Bellzza are allowed in the city. If not for Arriana he would be dead. From now on his life is tied with hers. Rodolpho, Silvia the Bellezzan Duchessa, Enrico, Guido Parola, Ferdinando do Chimici all entangled in a lethal dance in which two lives are about to be lost and all of them changed forever shaping the future of Talia!A great book with a very strong plot and realistic, stong and interesting characters. I couldn't put it down easily the first time. A real page-turnen. I love Talia. A magical place where the rules of our world do not apply all the time.A must read!
As a Greek, having lived and being educated in Greece until my mid 20s, Fry's retelling of (some of) the ancient Greek myths was an absolute blast. He revived all those world-known characters, whose names we still use in modern life and whose worries have inspired and affected western cultures and civilizations for centuries. Breathing life (and some sassiness) into the old stories, he reinvented the ancient Greek gods as well as the ancient Greek people. He deconstructs the golden ideal of perfection and makes them human and relatable in a way that I deeply appreciated and enjoyed as a citizen, bearing the burden of learning and continuing Greek culture. Lovers of the classics, do yourself a favor and read it.
just finished it!!! it was so totally awesome!! Zoey starts taking the responsibilities that come with her new powers and she handles the new problems pretty well. Always faithful to her Goddess Nyx she makes her choices and decides for her future. She is starting to realise what she new from Marked that Darkness does not equate to evil and Light does not equate to good as Aphrodite the ex-leader of the Dark Daughters and hag from hell(yeah she still is!!!) is trying to walk the path of the Goddess again by setting right her previous mistakes, and Neferet High Priestess in the Tulsa House of Night and Zoey's mentor shows signs that something is wrong with her all-perfect-ness!!!! Zoey feels really overwhelmed but she stands tall as long Stevie Ray is by her when Stevie ray rejects the Change and Zoeys world is shattered. But this definitely not the last time we're gonna see Stevie Ray... As these are not enough Zoey has to deal with Imprint problems with Heath and some issues with Loren, the gorgeous poetry tutor, who is flirting with her despite all their differences and rules... It is a fiiiiiiine book and really makes you long for the next instalments of the series
No, no, no!!! I expected for this many years and this is what I get? I got totally engrossed with the Angelology world, the plot, the characters, everything was as it was supposed to be. But in Angelopolis, things are differents. Still the concept is genious and the historical facts are entwined with the fictional. But the characters have lost their appeal. Verlaine is now a severely damaged figure in the plot. He is seeking Evangeline desperately but in the same time he is distracted by his newly acquired angel hunt skills. Evangeline is nothing like before. Not just physically but emotionally. She used to be strong opinionated and very focused, while now she is just a beautiful shell of her previous self. Yes she has gorgeous wings which clearly indicate her high ranks in heaven and all that but she has spent ten years trying to find what exactly she is. And in the end we learn about her parents and their secret but her abnormalities are just a random effect. Like who cares?! Angela Valko is such a boring character. Nothing like a mother, not caring at all. Just a scientist who needs to get her work done. She is very smart and risky but that's all. In the end she used herself as a hen (both metaphorically and literally). Lucien in even more boring and hard to understand. The twins are a nice put but I needed more than what I got. The best character here is Eno and she doesn't even get her part right. She is given a stupid back story although she plays a major role. The plot suffers a lot of gaps and is not very well written. However the most disappointing part was the ending. After the strong ending of Angelology which left me yearning for the sequels, trying to pick up sniffs of what is going to happen, this ending was like: ok you can all die, it's the same. In fact Angelopolis seems more like a bad written sequel from a fan rather than the original work.
Well, it is more of an atlas about cat breeds with some tips of taking care of the cat. Some of the advices were inaccurate but not dangerous. It os a good start for someone who never had a cat before and wants to have one. Give it a try but don't expect too much!
this is the fourth installment of the very popular house of night series.......and it's going to blow your mind!!!!(like literally zoey or damien can really blow you away thanks to their wind affinity like they did with the raven mockers). untamed begins with zoey isolated from all her friends. her only support is Aphrodite, who deep within is a really nice person( not that she will ever admit that she is anything more than a hag, though gorgeous, hag from hell). But zoey needs her friends now more than eveer and fortunately they are going to answer her call and be by her side these difficult times when an ancient evil is about to awaken. in this book things are getting clearer, a lot of questions are answered i.e. wtf is wrong with Neferet, and the battle between zoey and neferet is climaxed. throughout the book zoey, the nerd herd and haggy aphrodite are preparing themselves for one of rthe greatest evils the world has ever known. thankfully we get a break from the turbulent (give damien a gay hey, one of my favourite characters ever!!!_ love life of zoey. guess being touched by a goddess attracts to much attention from hotties, that should make the (dorkamese) twins jealous! well i can't wait for the next books so.....merry meet and merry part and merry meet again fledlings! may nyx blees y' all (stevie ray rocks!!)
in the beginning i had trouble getting the way the writer presented the events but as i continued i was totally gripped. the characters always surprised me by showing a new side of themselves and got really moved by the courage the passion and the sensitivity shown by the big heros and from minor ones as well. the atmosphere is great and the book tries to fill the blanks historians have left not in a very persuasive way but nonetheless fascinating to read.
It was a wondefrul gift and I really enjoyed it. A nice flowing writing and small stories that add up to the wonder of life and death. I feel though that the writer fell into the trap of humanising the cats feelings and thoughts. Of course, it s a choice how you decide your characters to appear. But it felt like all the characters were one or two dimensional and they could't escape or live with their problems. I have no idea about the quality of the transaltion as it felt uncomfortable in some parts. It just felt very easy and very commercial as a whole. I don't mean that it's bad but I wouldn't call it a must-read. After reading it I think about the book sometimes and I can hear the voices of the characters like a soft whisper. I definitely enjoyed it but I don't think I would read it again a second time.
I found it interesting from a historical perspective rather than an enjoyable read.We see the blue-collar society of Chicago in 1910 through the eyes of young Studs (William) Lonigan, a 14-year old caught between the boy he was and the man he dreams to be. Studs is experience his first romantic love awakening along with his sexuality while trying to find his place in the local community. Studs is not particularly bright and through his simple mind, the writer colorfully lays the American society in Chicago without any criticism or judgement. Personally, I found this approach quite interesting because it serves the purpose of being objective and accurate by sticking to the events but at the same time, it makes the Studs difficult to like as a character and therefore, making the book a difficult read. Nevertheless, the book touches upon interesting topics such as racism, sexism, antisemitism and even depicts a character that could be well a pedophile, trying to lure young Studs in his house, when he would be alone, to give him piano lessons and "make a proper gentleman out of him". These are difficult topics but keeping in mind that this is how society was 100 years ago is essential to fully understand what the book offers. It is not a moral story about someone who was challenged in life and became a better person but rather a tragic story of how society misguided and left unprotected a young boy, step-by-step. I will probably read the rest of the trilogy but it might be a while before I do so.
well this is one my list favourite book vuz when i finished reading i was like: well hell, someone gave me only the first half of the book( i had to wait for a bunch of months to read the rest half of the story in Burned). Sooo.... after Zoey kicked kalona's tight ass (hehe!!) she and the rest of the Nerd Herd followed closely by Aphrodite, Darius and the rest of the red fledlings return to the Tulsa house of Night to find that things haven't changed much after Kalona's and Neferet's flee. Stevie Rae following her heart saves a Raven Mocker, Kalona's favourite son Rephaim the one who killed Anastasia Lankford. Thimgs in the H.o.N are really bad not only because Prof Stacia is now dead and Dragon is deep in his sorrow and a bunch of blue fledlings are severely injured while trying to protect prof Anastasia by Rephaim's attack but also because the rest of the staff and fledlings are still under Kalona's spell and the consider him Erebus come to earth and friggin Neferet Nyx Incarnate. well after improving the situation Z and her friend find out that Neferet is in Italy with kalona trying to convince the Vampyre High Council about who they are and to support ther purpose to bring back the old ways. so the all fly to Italy trying to stop her from succeding her goal,cuz otherwise all the world will burn according to Aphrodite's visions. Stevie rae though has to stay in Tulsa so she can deal with the rogue red fledlings problem. The red Fledlings discover about aboout Stevie Rae's connection with Rephaim and they use him to kill Stevie rae. In the end Stevie rae is saved by Rephaim and an Imprint is established betweeen them breaking the old one she had with Aphrodite. On the other side of the ocean Zoey tries unsuccesfully to warn the High Council about Kalona's true identity and Neferet's honest intentions and she tries to solve " the Kalona boyfriend issue" by herself when she sees him killing Heath. She attacks the fallen bastard with all the power of the element spirit but it's too late for her to save Heath and that shatters her soul which is kinda a death sentence according to the rest of the vamps. THE END! i mean come on!!! wouldn't you expect something that get things right or a weird dangerous way to set thing right or something to give hope??? "sigh" well... you have to read Burned thn. and you're dang lucky that nw is out and you don't hafta way in anticipation like i did. All in all it is agood read so GO FOR IT!!!!
** spoiler alert ** omg!!! this is so much better than halo! Beth has really grown up and is really strong even when things get frustrating.i was so touched by the power of Xavier's and Beth's love for each other. i was positevely surprised by how Gabriel started to understand people and by Molly's will to help. What i waited for and my patience got rewarded in this book, ewas to see the tough side of Ivy. This book was so full of little twists and full of discouraging events tha i really felt the agony,frustration and longing Beth was experiencing *******SPOILER************: i was so glad that they finally got rid of Jake, this deceiving moron deserved what he got.************** i can't wait tosee what happens next in heaven. PLEASE ALEXANDRA IF YOU ARE READING THIS HURRY UP!!!!!
so awesome!!! Lenobia's past is unfolding through this bewitching novella. Lenobia is struggling to start a new life in new Orleans by pretending her dead half-sister. but she finds true love, at the face of Martin, and by a twist of faith her true identity is revealed. Not only that but a twisted priest is the one to identify her. his unholy lust is the reason of many misfortunes and heartbreaking events, that will change lenobia's life forever. to find out more read the book!!!
Hated it. Totally sick at some parts.
Patch may be my most favourite male supernatural character ever, and I 've read many, many books. There aren't many character's I compare to him maybe Jace from "The mortal instruments" but Patch is something else. He is the best dark character I know and I love him. So this book made me a liiiiittle angry because the whole book is a HUGE misunderstanding that wasn't at all Patch's fault. I may not have absolutely loved the book but I love Patch so 5 stars it is!!!
Great!!!
I cried a lot while reading this book. I liked it.
I just hated it. I just hated the end. It was so.... it just didn't suit a love like Luce's and Daniel's. Iτ was so irrelevant so indiffernet. It was just awful and it's such a pity. I just regret ever start reading these books.
A really sweet and touching story with Magnus and Alec!
I liked it probably because I felt soooooooooooo sorry for Annah but I couldn't help the feeling that the writer wrote this book in a rush. She just wanted t finish it quickly. I'd like to know what happened to the characters after escaping the Dark City. Did they finally find a place where they could live happily ever after without the constant fear they 've experienced so far?
An unbelievably slow-paced and at some point boring book, it's all about sex-drugs-sex-drugs-sex-drugs and so on for more than half the book! I was unbelievably pissed off at that poor excuse of a human being called Stephanie (the ex) a psychotic bitch (view spoiler)[ for whatever's holy she RAPED his brother because she thought that he had cheated on her!!!!!!!!!! The woman needs to be put in a mental institution! She shouldn't be allowed to walk free let alone grow up a child! (hide spoiler)] Also the whole "getting to now each other" with Roxy was unrealistic and annoying (view spoiler)[ taking her in a chanel shopping spree on a first date???? What is she? A whore to buy her expensive stuff so that she likes you? and the fact that she agreed to this got on my nerves (hide spoiler)]. The only reason this book gets 2 stars from me is because it shows the real odyssey an addicted person goes through to overcome his addiction.
A great book, travels you thousands of years ago, makes you feel like living back then. It was really interesting getting to know everyday life in the Roman years, maybe this book isn't exactly accurate but the story is captivating. I usually don't enjoy stories that start from the day the hero/heroine are children to their old age but I loved reading the story of Claudia's life. A life full of twists and up-and-downs. The story is amazing. The only negative point about the book is the very small part speaking about her and Oltan, but it was such a powerful love story that captures your heart. I cried and I laughed and I cursed but I loved it.
An easy read. Not a great story that you will remember for years but quiet enjoyable.
He uses his money to get her close to him (view spoiler)[ not to mention he is a blushing virgin that see tries to "deflower" in half the book (view spoiler)[.A somewhat boring book with similar plot with the first one. I was really sad and disappointed we didn't get to find out what happened between those "pen pals" though. (hide spoiler)] (hide spoiler)]
This is entirely from Naz's point of view and it was really interesting getting to know his way of thinking. It took Karissa too much time to start "liking" him again but in the end everything wrked ot perfectly.
I felt like the story was forced to keep going. (view spoiler)[ I got bored by the many break-ups the attitude Trace had and I just can't get over the fact that she saw him having sex with another woman at the bar, because he wanted to push her so far away that she wouldn't come back to him but he ended up begging her to forgive him. Bullshit. (hide spoiler)]
One of the best books I 've read since "Hush-hush" series
Utterly disturbing. There are some really hard scenes in this book. it's the naked ugly truth about human trafficking. I felt disgusted at some parts of the book but being intrigued by the fact that Caleb wasn't born a monster he became one I really had to know his story. Although at some parts I wanted to just stop reading and forget everything about the book (because let's face it it creates some shitty nightmares) I saw the change in Caleb, the influence sweet innocent Livvie had on him and had to know the end to their story. This is definately not a romance or a perfect love story. "This is not a romance. Romances are filled with valiant men and simpering damsels in distress. Romances have heroes worthy of the title. They slay dragons and climb towers to rescue beautiful princesses they immediately marry and impregnate. Romances end with a happily ever after. This is not a romance" " The hero is beautiful, but ugly in ways that defy the ordinary imagination. The heroine isn’t trapped in a tower, but a dark and lonely room. There is no prince coming to save her. While love blooms and thrives, there is no happily ever after. Love does not always begin or end the way we wish it would. A love story can happen to anyone. This one happened to me"Those are Livvie's words from "Epilogue" the third book and I believe they summ up perfectly all three books.
Nice and funny!
The greatest example of how a misunderstanding and how being at the wrong place the wrong moment can change your life course. Mia is the kindest sweetest person in the world and Tax? well he's been through a lot (not as much as poor Jude (view spoiler)[ I was so sad about her and her tragic end she deserved better if only she could move on from the past (hide spoiler)]) but he managed to have a good life for him and his sister, he definately deserves a happily ever after and Mia is his happily ever after. Nice book.
A sad and tragc love story. After all not all stories have a happily ever after.
One of the best books I 've read. One thing that bothers me is the fact that she has to be gone for six months a year. Really annoying!
Nice book but waaaaaay too short! Oh! And we don't get to find out who won those games (that sounded pretty interesting to me I'd like to see a book about the "Alaskan" games)
So this is a book about two sisters (twins to be specific) one is a model super-famous and super-beautiful the other is a paleontologist with a phD wears square dorky glasses and mostly keeps to herself... well up until she meets sexy Swift on the "World races" game! This is a very nice "book" it's really enjoying but waiting for another week for the next chapter???? Nerve breaking!!!!
An astonishing love story that leaves you breathless and gets engraved in your heart forever. Read it for the first time when I was 14 now I am 23 and I read it at least 4 times a year. Tatiana (my favourite female heroine by far) is an angel on earth an angel capable of atoning, loving and getting loved back by a troubled soul like Alexander (who is also my favourite male character by far). I believe that anyone should read this love story at least once! I remember every page and every word . An astonishing love story.
The most amazing story I've ever read. I' ve seen all the movies based on this book, I'll never get tired of it. Describing exactly the christmas spirit.
A very sweet story!!!! A very easy-to-read book finished it in a day. I liked both Reese and Mason! (view spoiler)[ although I would love to find out if the got married after all! Just a small chapter.... (hide spoiler)]
Although I loved "A peculiar chemistry" I can't say the same about this one. A little "confusing" for me.
It was annoying. I mean. What the hell man? (view spoiler)[ You make love to her and the next day you go to play at a porn movie and you expect her to show some understanding because that's your job? What the fuck?! And of course she forgave him at the end. I mean what kind of a woman would forgive something like that? (hide spoiler)] This book was fucking annoying.
It didn't come up to my expectations. Denifinately not like "Hush-hush" series (that I adored!). Skye made it seem like she couldn't choose between the two of them even though we knew from the beggining who she really wanted. It was a little fast written.
A really nice paranormal/fiction tale. But it has an abrupt ending that disappoints you.
Great spoiler alert!!! (view spoiler)[ I know that not everyone gets to have a happily ever after and that not all the heroes should live to the end of the book but WHY????? Why making me like Jordan if you wanted to kill him after all? Why so many details about him and Maia and how dare you throw that Bat kid by her side at the end of the book as if his presence could erase Jordan? Kind, loving Jordan. And the fact that Maia wanted to break up with him was utterly ridiculous because we all remember how in love she was with him at the last book. This is bullshit. As for poor poor poor tortured soul Amatis.. I hoped she would be saved but NOOOOOO let's kill her along with poor Jordan (hide spoiler)] and as for Simon (view spoiler)[ first he is a pathetic mundane, turned to a warrior mundane, turned to a vampire, turned to an invinsible vampire thanks to the "Cain's mark" he bears, turned to a simple vampire after the mark was removed from him, turned to a pathetic mundane once again with every memory, of everything that ever happened to him in the Shadow world and everyone he ever met from that world (meaning whatever the hell happened in the past six books) including his lifetime best friend Clary,having been stripped away from him! Only for some pieces of memories to be restored by the end of the book. Just..... no comment. None. (hide spoiler)]. It was a sad book. A very sad book. Reminding of old "ghosts" from the "Infernal devices" trilogy and it wasn't an ending at all. Definately not a happily ever after. The ending left many cliffhangers and it is obvious that it was a prologue for another series. I don't feel happy having read this final book I feel sad and incomplete.
I didn't want to read this book because I hated, totally hated Brodie at "Playing games" and most definately didn't want to read a story about him and change my opinion but in this book.... he totally redeemed himself! Loved it. He seams like a nice guy after all! (view spoiler)[ And it makes me a little sad they didn't compete in "Endurance island" after all. It's all in "Body games"! (hide spoiler)]
Although the sex scenes sometimes get a little too..... gross, it has a great story. Both Remy and Brooke are adorable as characters it was a really good book.
Now this was my favourite book by Nashoda Rose by faaaaaaaaaaaaaar.! I always thought Kai as the bad guy but after the last book I came to think there was more of him we didn't know about. I really liked his story. 5 stars.
I didn't like it. It was tiring and I was waiting for Karu and Akiva to finally be together at least fight together but the author thought otherwise. Well I regret reading the first one.
At some point I was like "What the fuck am I reading? Why am I ever reading that?" Utterly boring. I don't like writing bad comments but this book.... just didn't work for me.
Well.... It started nicely. Not great just nicely. For me the whole thing was ruined (view spoiler)[ the time Jake returned home from a "job" and accused Abby, who was raped by that psychotic bast@@rd, of cheating on him. (hide spoiler)] The only thing I liked from this book were the two final sentences: I’m not stupid. I have no doubt that when I meet my end, I will descend into the hell that’s been saving me a spot in its torturous embrace since the day I was born. I also know that when I get there, I’m going to spend my time finding Owen and killing him over and over again.
It was a very well-written book. It was sweet, and emotional and I loved it all the way. not for a minute was I bored, I actually stayed asleep by 6 o' clock in the morning to finish it. Ashton is a great tormented guy. Loved him all the way, and Livie is a great confused person. They are a perfect couple.
I dont know. I felt that the story was rushed to keep going as was the 4th book as well. (view spoiler)[ I knew that Sebastian was evil, never even suspected that he would ever be able to change and I guess that we all felt the same way so what's the point in trying to make him likeable only to be back-stabbed later? I felt it was pointless , as for what he did to Amatis it was horrible. I hate him with every ounce of my being for that. After his father took away from her the man she loved Sebastian took away her humanity. Poor Amatis. (hide spoiler)]
(view spoiler)[ If I had caught the man I liked beeing blown in a closet, and after that hearing him having sex with someone just because he felt falling for me was too hard to bear (wtf?) I would definately not spare a second of my precious time for him (hide spoiler)] If there weren't the first 150 pages the book would be quite good.
I read the second book of the series "Playing games" before this one so when I read this book's summary I had to read it! I was familiar with Dean and Abby and I really really had to know their story! They are an adorable couple and I enjoyed this book sooooo much! A really nice book!
I admit that the previous book had some story, anyway something to keep the reader's interest. Now about this one... let's take it from the beggining. After she left the love of her life (come on!!! She's 19 years old for heaven's shake! Not to mention her saying after breaking up with him that "No one will eve touch her again. She will always belonge to Rush!") because she decided she belonged back in Alabama (and made a point on that by telling it to EVERYONE in tis book) she decides she doesn't belong there (all of the sudden!) 10 pags later and returns home. Of course she is pregnant! And after thinking for at least half the book that she would tell Rush only before she would leave town forever she decides she should have sex with him because of the pregnancy hormones and 5 pages later that he will be the perfect dad! Let's just not even mention that right from the beggining everyone liked her, loved her or wanted to either have sex with her either be her best friend. Sorry about the bitter comment but come on! Oh! And I forgot to mention her ridiculous and totaly stupid persistence that it was completely her fault the fact that she got pregnant because she "attacked" him that night so she didn't let him be careful! COME ON!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Who says that sh**t???
One of the best books I've ever read! I loved it!
I really liked it! I couldn't decide whether or not to buy it but I'm really glad I did!
Nice story! Finally a non-virgin heroine.
Naz is an intriguing character! I liked him pretty much and I was never bothered by the fact that he as 18 years older than Karissa. Karissa is sweet and genuine and deserves a man like him, a man who may have some skeletons in his closet but forgets them when he is around her... and he definately deserves her after all he's been through. 5 stars it is.!
Really??? Georgie was the ONLY ONE whose life wasn't fucked up. She was carefree and felt reviving reading about her and her sassy comments her nonchalant attitude so why did you have to fuck her up too??? A hero doesn't need to be broken to be likeable. The whole picture I had about Georgie was ruined in this book however it was build up again differently (not carefree at all but nevermind) and I loved her story with Deck -Unyielding Deck- it was a great love story.
Kiro was a very interesting personality and I liked him regardless his many flaws. And especially after finding out about Emmy I had to know his story. It was a pretty nice story.
I 've been waiting to read this series 3 years. I wanted it to be complete. It was the first time the heroine didn't magically transform from a common, simple girl to Superman, batman and iron-man altogether overnight. I liked that part. But (view spoiler)[ seriously Mrs Clare her brother????? why??? why tormenting us? (hide spoiler)] . The reason I wanted to read these books are the quotes I found at the site. I loved Jace even before reading the book. He is cocky and I like it. Can't wait to read the next book (view spoiler)[ and see the whole brother-sister misunderstanding solved!!!! (hide spoiler)]
I liked it. Very easy to read, although "Perfect chemistry" is still my favourite!
One of the best books I've ever read! A very beautiful story absolutely worth reading. I read it as "Συμπόνοια" in greek an edition that doesn't exist in the site. I read it in a day and the proceeded to re-read it!
A great book giving you insights on the amazing Japanese culture. A book that travels you on a whole new world.
Really interesting at the beginning I couldn't wait to finish it but the ending rather disappointing.
Read it in a day! Great book.
(view spoiler)[ No cheating happens. It's all a great big misunderstanding! So I believe the summary was misleading and inaccurate because it was absolute considering the cheating, there was no indication that it could be a misunderstanding. (hide spoiler)]
Like I said for the previous one, r-e-a-l-l-y boring! It was hard for me to finish it. I skipped some pages to finally reach the end.
It was a really boring book. I tried really hard to finish it.
I love Kate Furnivall's writing. It's like flowing water it never tires you and she has the amazing talent to transfer you to exotic places by describing them so well you feel like you are there. But she has a really small, tiny flaw.... her books's endings!!!! She leaves many many gaps in the end! It feels as if she has given everything she had in the begging and middle and she struggles to make it to the end so she wants to finish it as quick as she can! (view spoiler)[ I wanted them to go back to England and see them settle there. What happened to her Nazi parents? Will she move in with Monti? What happened to Anipe? Was she really pretending? Will Georgie get better? What about little adorable Malik? Will they take him with them? What happened that night at the cafe when they attaked Monti and the policeman? Did they beat him? Did they shoot him? What did little Malik see in his back that made him scream? Far too many unanswered questions! (hide spoiler)]
I read this book because the ending of the "Mortal instruments" series left me with many questions. (view spoiler)[ A Tessa Gray magically popped up at the final book and the same goes for a brother Zacharia who was there from the first book always being mentioned (this didn't happen for any other of the silent brothers) and he took the evil kitty-cat with him in the end after he left with a Tessa Gray!!!! (hide spoiler)] I didn't like it. in my opinion you can't love two people at the same time with the same power. . (view spoiler)[ You can't get engaged with someone and then get married to his "brother" because that someone isn't available. There are plenty men in his world choose one of them as for Jem being happy with this descision... This is just super unreal. Really... what man would be happy if the woman he loved married his "brother" ???? NONE!!! If I wanted a fairytale I would read Cinderella because that stuff happens only in fairytales. So after living for almost 70 years with Will having children and granchildren with him it feels just fine to go and have some children and grandchildren with Jem too. That way they will all have their fair share of Tessa! So everyone has sex with her and everyone is happy! Both those who supported Will, and those who supported Jem. It was an utter waste of my time and had it not been for "The mortal instruments" (because the writer forces you to read this series and that just pisses me off because there are many unexplained facts that can be solved only after reading this trilogy) and the gaps that finally got closed I would really hate these three books and I don't usually write such bad previews for the books I read (hide spoiler)]
A nice book. I liked the way she described exotic Malaysia (I always enjoy the way she describes the different places, she makes you feel like you are there). As always the ending is vague, it makes you wonder "What happened to...?" but I really enjoy her writing and I enjoed reading this book so 4 stars it is.
A great book, allowing us westerners a glimpse into the lives of people (especially women) whose only crime and misfortune was being born in a country who holds no respect (actually doesn't give a damn) about anything but their blind devotion to a religion some people intentionally misrepresent to serve their own purposes. In a country that a woman has no rights (at all. Any man can beat or even kill a woman if he thinks that she does something that insults their personal view of morality, and no one will put a blame on him for doing so) and young children are brainwashed from a young age into believing that their only purpose is to die killing as many westerners as they can, because that's the only way God will allow them to heaven (were drinks, women and food awaits them) nothing good can come. I didn't expect a happy ending of course, I bought his book knowing it was going to be sad, and brutally honest, but I couldn't stop thinking at some points "WHY ON EARTH???" (view spoiler)[ If only Marcus had taken his wife with him in England, and hadn't chose to stay in a country that had no future at all, his poor wife wouldn't have to be driven mad and get stoned to death, his arm would not have been cut off, his poor daughter Zamin wouldn't have to be raped, used as a prostitute and later get killed, and everyone would have lived happily in a country far far away from the taliban ruthlessness and madness, but I guess that in that case we wouldn't have had a book to read (hide spoiler)] I felt extremely sorry for Marcus and his family, the tragedies just wouldn't stop, but I also felt sorry for Kaza (view spoiler)[ a young boy who was brainwashed from a young age into believing that Allah thought women to be lesser creatures created by the devil in order to lure men into the darkest pits of hell by polluting their souls, so they had to be treated with no respect, and thinking that all Allah wanted was for all humanity to convert to Islam so killing non-muslims was a divine act that opened the gates of heaven. (hide spoiler)] we can see Kaza's internal conflict (view spoiler)[ he started questioning all that he was taught about westerners and their connection to the devil (hide spoiler)] when he started living with Marcus, Lara and David and he actually started feeling them as a family, something he never had in his whole life. Again there is a "WHY ON EARTH???" (view spoiler)[ Why didn't Lara and David just pack their bags, take poor Kaza with them and leave that goddamn country??? That poor boy had his fair share of the ruthlessness of this world. It was not his fault, nothing was his fault. He was brainwashed. He stands for all those young boys who are left orphaned by the war and get recruited and brainwashed by the crazed blood-lusting, self-called representatives of god on earth who use them as pawns. (hide spoiler)] What can we say about Dunia? She dared to be beautiful and educated (ohh what a sin!) How dared she be a teacher?! She finds sanctuary for a few days in Marcus' home and we get to know her, like and respect her and then...? then we get to see her having the prolonged fate all women, who dare to be something more than baby producing machines and slaves, have. (view spoiler)[ she gets kidnapped from Marcus' home while praying and possibly gets raped and killed by the taliban because she dared to be a teacher, a deadly sin that provoked Allah and called for his wrath (hide spoiler)]. And what can we say about Lara and David? Well Lara was also stricken by fate one too many times (view spoiler)[ she lost her brother at the Russian-Afghani war, later on she was left barren by an abortion gone wrong and she finally witnessed her husband getting killed (hide spoiler)] And as for David? I'm not so sure of what to think about him and Zamin (view spoiler)[ if only he had taken her with him to America she would have to suffer so much (hide spoiler)] but I loved him when he stood up for Kaza by the end of the book (view spoiler)[ and how he sacrificed his life later while trying to stop the young boy from committing suicide, and went down with him (hide spoiler)].That being said there is absolutely NO happily ever after in this book for none of the protagonists, but it doesn't matter because it is a book that gets into your soul and stays with you forever. (view spoiler)[ Lara returns all alone to Russia, Marcus remains again all alone in Afghanistan still searching for his missing grandson, David gets killed along with Kaza when the latter commits suicide and Dunia possibly gets raped and killed (hide spoiler)] As of what I would want??? (view spoiler)[ In my mind I would like to imagine Lara, David, Kaza and Dunia living happily ever after in David's home in America. Kaza getting the family he never had and the love and education he deserves, Lara getting the family she could never have, and Dunia being able to be herself, the smart, brave woman she was born to be. (hide spoiler)]
After Patch my favorite character is definitely Jared!
I was really intrigued by Kat and Ream's story but I was so disappointed after reading this book. It felt forced and fake and this all of the sudden change of heart on Ream's part after more than two and a half years is just sooo wrong. In my opinion a total waste of time. Two extremely fucked-up life stories in one book is too much and extremely far fetched.
I believe that the perfect description for this book is " Η μεγαλύτερη μαλακία που γράφτηκε ποτέ". In english "The greatest bullshit ever written". This book is just crap, only crap!!!!! EVERYBODY DON'T WASTE YOU TIME WITH THIS KIND OF CRAP! iT'S AN AWFUL AWFUL BOOK
The review I wrote for the first book describes perfect all three.
I felt that the end was to loose. I wanted something more! Other than that a great bok as well!
I liked it. A beautiful love story. And I'd rather not read the other two books.
Except from the final pages I hated Henry. I was soooooooooooo mad at him.!!!!!!!
Even better than the first one!!!
Pretty nice book. A little forced, the typical good, wait not just good gorgeous-looking guy falls in love with sweet innocent virgin from the countryside. She immediately turns into a sex machine and he drools all over her because he loves her more than his life (or sister for that matter) (view spoiler)[ and of course she breaks up on him and we wait to see what happens in the next book. Also it doesn't take a genius to find out that she will be pregnant in the next book. (hide spoiler)]
Awful ending. I just wanted to throw it out the window. Such a pity the first book was amazing.
I liked this book better than the rest of the series because there was a great "building" of the characters. I liked seing playboy Crisis settling down for a woman he had to fight for, the complete opposite from the women he usually sleeps with. I also liked Haven a lot smart, strong, damaged but full of life and courage to overcome the horrors of her past. I can't wait to read Kite's story which will be a little "Christian Greyish" .
It was about time to find another cocky, "foul mouthed", Alpha-male and damaged hero to like!!!! I give 5 stars to Daniel ( Oh! I mean Bastian!!!! ) for he is so funny and adorable! Another 5 stars to Raine for her limitless patience and unconditional love for him!
And here comes Patch. Tall, dark, dangerous, gorgeous!!! Guess what (view spoiler)[ He is an angel! A fallen one of course! (tall, dark and dangerous what could he be?????) (hide spoiler)] Loved the book.
I enjoyed pretty much this book. But it felt kinda rushed.
I liked this book much more than the first one. First of all I think I got a little used to the multiple POV and the many stories happening at the same time. In this one Blake is a normal man with a wife, children, a job and a nice suburbian home. Nothing in him reminds me of the Blake we met at the first book a Blake who was "special" collected leaves and played a cardboard piano and I like this because his improvement is magnificent (although some kind of unrealistic). As for Cole and Kyle, I never really got so into this "love-at-first-sight" it was screaming it was never happening in real life, Cole also a job, a wife and a suburbian home but in this book I felt their story was somehow predictable (view spoiler)[ I was sure as soon as she found out she was pregnant that she would have a miscarriage. All the "evidence" pointed at that direction (hide spoiler)] as for Beckett. Was can anyone really say about him? Just completely, totaly Alpha male. (view spoiler)[ I kindda get pissed at Eve's indecisiveness. It was totally Beckett for her right from the beggining (hide spoiler)]
Well it's the exact story from the first books. The sweet innocent virgin, the bad gorgeous womanizer. (I can't stop laughing while writing this) we found out at the end of the previous book that Harlow was the real sister Nan had to be hating so the EXACT same story with Blaire occured. Nan hated Harlow because she stole her daddy from her. Funny isn't it? How creative! But to be honest I quite enjoyed this book. So 4 stars it is.
Ok. Now that was a totally unrealistic book. Seriously??? They have known each other for about half an hour and they can't wait to rip each other's clothes off. Come on!!!! They are stranded in a jungle, for crying out loud, and the only thing they both have in mind is.... (you thought survival????? nah.) how much they want to have sex with each other!!! The hole story is forced and unbelievably fast paced, and not in the good way. I read this book because of the so said similarities to "50 shades of Grey" but there is no comparison. Also.... awful ending, if it can be called an ending at all. OH! And the "Lol" word use (100 times a page!!!) is completely annoying.
I chose this book with the impression that it would be like "Seduced in the dark" so I was prepared for much, much, much brutality and disturbing scenes... so I braced myself and started this book feeling afraid for the protagonist. Well it was clear by the first 30 pages this wasn't that kind of a book!!!! If Livvie had done as much as make a noise ( or stare angrily or breathe on Caleb's way) she would be assaulted in any way possible but Addie was a realy lucky girl! For it's kind (I guess romance) it is a really nice book!
I really liked the first book and wasn't very sure about reading the next, I was afraid if it wasn't good enough It would ruin my impression on the fist book too but I loved Blake at the first book so I had to find out more about him! Well now that I finished this book I love him even more! he is so fucking adorable! So is Layla. I recommend it to everyone!
I couldn't stop laughing! It was romantic, sweet, funny I totally recommend it!
Well it started getting on my nerves almost right from the beginning when she couldn't understand how crazy he was for her then after the second time they split up I wanted to throw the book out of the window. If there weren't these breakups it would be worth 5 stars.
I have always been a fan of Jennifer Donnely and this book was as great as the rest I have read from her! I finished it in a day and even though I had the story almost figured out almost from the start I didn't get bored not even for a minute.
I had realized who the killer was from the clues Dave was given at the beginning. But it was a really great book! I will definitely read the other two!
While reading this book at some point I got really angry, I just wanted to throw the book away and forget ever reading it, but I kept on reading because its story is captivating. Then I started crying and by the end of the book I think I loved it. It's not a book I 'm going to read again and again (that is why I gave it 4 out of five stars) but the story is so.... I can't even describe it. The the power of will of Beattie, the never ending fight her life was... the two great losses she survived... (view spoiler)[ I got angry when she agreed to share custody of her daughter with that awful excuse of a man her father was and that hypocrite he had for a wife but while thinking about it I understood that at that time in history a single woman wasn't able to do much. Women always lost the battles. (hide spoiler)] This was one of the best books I've ever read.
I like Freeman's writing and after enjoying two of her other books I bought this one with great expectations. I was disappointed, the main character is just annoying (I hated her to be exact) (view spoiler)[ the insta-love with the opium-addict moron was just laughable (hide spoiler)] I liked Flora and was glad for the way her story ended, that stands for Lauren as well. I give it three stars because even if it is a book with an awful main character in the "past" storyline, I enjoyed the "present" storyline but I wouldn't recommend this book.
A little boring.
Incredibly tiring and indifferent.
Funny totaly funny and it shows the way Magnus Magnus thinks, and how he feels and so I love this book because I love Magnus.
I got soooooooooooooooooooooooo bored and angry with her not being able to choose Cas from the beggining! After all she knew from the very beggining who she fell for.
The summary isn't a great summary. The only reason I started this book was because of the good comments it had. Well it's about Saskia Day (what kind of a name is "Saskia" anyway???) a girl whose life changes the day she meets Jahleel Kingston (the same goes for this name as well) she instantely falls in love with him and follows him all the way to America just to make him notice her. For the whole book (except the last 10 pages) I thought Jahleel was an asshole (or as Saskia would say an "arsehole") a man-whore, rude, intimidating and utterly selfish kind of guy. He wasn't likeable at any point. He even had sex with 2 of Saskia's groopie-"friends" (not even she can decide) at the same time HUGE spoiler alert (view spoiler)[ even though as it is revealed at the end was in love with Saskia at the time, or so he claims because for me this is too hard to believe having read some parts of "I choose you" in wich is obvious that he was hitting on Krissy all along not showing any emotion about Saskia in that book and it is just unbelievable the fact that he implies that he was in love with Saskia for almost 6 years, I don't know what to say. Really (hide spoiler)] , he made her promise him she wouldn't as much as kiss another man but he kept pinning for a girl who never really cared about him (even if he explains it at the end I was so mad at him) . I don't cope very well with long term break-ups, I can stand cheatings but not this straight-forward (because I read this part in "I choose you" and it is a real cheating not some kissing scene) . The language at the beginning of the book wasn't so well (some phrases are really hard to get) although it kept getting better and by the end I think I liked Chad most of all of them.
What else could Patch do for Nora???? What? Is there something he hasn't done yet? (view spoiler)[ He had his wings torn from him in order for that piece os shit she has as a father to let her go. Because he couldn't stand the think of her being captive and definately not being tortured. (hide spoiler)] He loves her. He won her back all over again. “I missed you, Angel. Not one day went by that I didn’t feel you missing from my life. You haunted me to the point that I began to believe Hank had gone back on his oath and killed you. i saw your ghost in everything. I couldn’t escape you and I didn’t want to. You tortured me, but it was better than losing you.” I love this quote. It makes me shiver. He deserves her. He deserves happiness. I hope he finds it in the end!
A really nice book!
Another adorable book! I admit that the "Billionaire boys club" series disappointed me but I am in love with this series!
Some good quotes as always! I really liked Jordan he is adorable (view spoiler)[ if a werewolf can be considered as adorable (hide spoiler)] I hate the plot twist about Sebastian but somehow the story had to keep going so I had to deal with it.
I 'm a fan of "Surviving Raine" so I picked this book for the plot similarity. It started really good and intresting but after their rescue it turned really boring. I had to skip far too many pages to reach the end.
Unbelievably stunning I loved it!!!!!! And cried. A lot!!!!
Fifty shades of Grey back in 1995 (Not for a perfect Mr. Grey but for all the sex scenes happening in this book!) Well I like Brenda Joyce's writing and the "Third heiress" is one of my favourite books, she has an amazing way of creating a mystery and keeping you uptight till the end, but this book... it was so forced.After their marriage Dom leaves Anna for 4 years living with his mistress nearby the manor that houses his former mistress with whom he has two kids. Dah dah dah! He returns to his childhood home only for his father's funeral and (Oh the surprise!!!) falls utterly and totally in love with his wife right on spot!!!! In the same day he forgets all about the other women -and children- and expects Anna to forgive him overnight! When she doesn't he just doesn't seem to understand the reason why this happens! And Anna..... she despises him hates him for humiliating her but when he comes hear her she transform in a sex machine absent thought! No woman acts like this! It was reaaaaaaally fake... But because I liked the mystery going on on the background I give this book 3 stars because overall it is a nice summer read!
** spoiler alert ** Not really sure why I started this one. Just stupid. About a guy (who is about to get married) falling in love, almost immediately, with his little brother's girlfriend who he brings home to meet his parents (even though he is in love with the woman his brother is about to marry) the girl who drools over the pierced tattooed guy, who also happens to be a moving hard-on, who wants (and proceed to have) sex with her in every surface of the house... do I have to say more? Well if someone wants to read a book in wich there is much, much (and only) sex then this is the perfect book!
I like this book. it started out great, it continued this way in the middle but it kind of tired me at the end. Maysie was acting really stupidly and I just wanted to throw the book at the wall. Poor Jordan kept trying to win her in the entire book. But the ending was the one I wanted it to be! So 3 stars it is!
The whole synopsis of this book lies in this saying from Tatiana to Alexander. A phrase that haunts me and I am never going to forget...“I’m your only family. The only allegiance you have in this world is to me. I’m shackled to you.I’m holding all your open wounds together. I’m on the train to Kolyma with you, I’m in the filth of the Gulag with you. I’m lashed with you and burned with you, I eat out of the same bowl with you, and when you die I’ll be the one to stick the helmet over your rifle into that shallow ground...”
Well after "captive in the dark" and "torn from you" I didn't think there was a book that could shock the hell out of me. Well this book proved me wrong. This is what I call a DARK book. The DARKEST, DARK book I 've read so far. The level of perversion in this book.... No human being should suffer what Finn suffered for so many years and no human being should be as twisted as Blaine. I felt disgusted at some parts of the book (never with Finn he was a victim. I felt sorry for him, I wanted to save him!) and had to pass some scenes without reading every detail. In the end it was a book of the power that exists inside every person, about the kindness that still exists among us and at last about atonement.
Well I kind of lost it sometimes it's quiet complicated. I liked Lenoir although this book doesn't explain much of him. I hope the second is more well-written!
Wtf? Awful ending. Just a waste of time. Anyone who wants to read this books just don't.
It kept me up all night. I never got bored, I laughed, I cried and I definately love the ending! Alex Fuentes is my second favourite male (my first one is Patch from Hush-Hush saga) and I've read quiet a few books. He has everything. He has courage, he has mind, he has manners, he is sweet, he is strong, he is the bravest and he could do anything for Brittany. I fell in love with him. As for Brittany she is also my second favourite female person (Tatiana from the Bronze horseman is the first) she is smart and she stands her ground. She doesn't let anyone manipulate her, or make her run away from Alex. From the moment she starts caring for him nothing else matters. I adore her for that and for her love for her sister. Only a person pure in the heart with endless love in them could do what she did for her sister. She follows the path she made in life and that path includes Alex. She wouldn't be able to live without Alex and I love her for not giving up on him even when it seemed that he had given up on her. I've read it twice so far. Once I finished it I read it again. I love it.
Great book! I didn't get bored not a single second.
So so so so so so adorable story!!!! Alec being all shy and Magnus trying to get to know him and it is just adorable!!!
I looked forward to reading this book but it was a huge disappointement. The love story covers only about 5 pages of the 384! The rest is an extremely boring description of a complete madman (the sultan) who kills whomever he wants without any reason and half a minute later forgets he ever killed that man (-_-) , of his first wife Zidana a crazy fat witch and of the Moroccan cities and countryside. I didnt read the whole book (I just couldn't) so I skipped to the end!
Had some really funny quotes but disappointed me (view spoiler)[ because it is not revealed whether Jace is or is not Clary's real brother (I know he is not he could never be but just saying that I felt soooo disappointed they didn't find out in this book!) (hide spoiler)] I love Magnus Bane.
Well I liked this book better than the previous one because the characted I actually liked, and supported was that of Maddox. It was nice knowning his feelings. I wasn't bored at all for reading again the same story.
Too many cliffhangers. Far too many.
A great, well written book. It trasfers you back to soviet Russia, it makes you see the hard times people went through the atrocities and monstrosities happening back then . I loved the book although it had an abrupt ending. I'd like to know more about their father and if they even find him, I wanted to know how they got back to Lithuania and how they rebuild their lives. I wish a second book was written explaining those things.
I got really bored reading this book. The story is really fucked up and even though I was happy with the ending (view spoiler)[ happily ever after for everyone (hide spoiler)] I had to skip far too many boring pages.
I adored the "Tea rose" trilogy, to be more specific the first two books (especially the second!) so I longed to read this book and after I started reading it I regretted the money I spent on it. I didn't like the way the story is being told in the past (those italycs just got on my nerves) I didn't find a great story there either, just the already known story of the last French royal family, nothing new, nothing exciting, nothing so emotional to "love". Just a book about the French revolution seen by the eyes of a penniless girl who adored the royal family. WOw. I don't understand what happen to many authors I love, after writing a great story (usually a trilogy) they just..... go blank. So disappointing.
I liked it!!! GREAT SPOILER ALERT (view spoiler)[ I cried a lot with the murder of little Max just an innocent sweet child (hide spoiler)] Finally (view spoiler)[ we learn (as if we didn't suspect!) that Jace IS NOT her brother for God's shake! (hide spoiler)] As for the quotes.... I 'm a huge fan of Cassandra Clare on that part! And (not to forget) I also love Magnus Bane.
i don't like books with long term break-ups. Except from that the book was interesting, it was a little boring at times but is was pleasant.
Interesting funny definitely 4 stars!
I really really liked it. The way they fell in love. The way the fought for their lives it was a beautiful book. I would be even better if they realized they were in love a little earlier but ok!
Nice summer read! Too similar to the other 10 books of the series but quiet enjoyable!
I cried a lot reading this book. the end seemed to me a little incomplete.
A very nice book! interesting funny and very easy to read!
Well this time the hatred goes to Kate. She is so utterly stupid. She keeps ruining everything all the time. She is a disaster unbelievably stupid! I wished somebody would lock her up somewhere so that they could do their job without her stupid mistakes.
A very nice book. I read it in a day. Although it's a little slow on it's plot it isn't boring at all.
A wonderful ending to this love story!
It was a eally nice book, ok Kate Morton's writing style is tiring at times with lenghty descriptions of places, people, the weather etc. but she has a way to make you keep reading. I thought by the middle of the book that she was insane for writing a book for such a main character (view spoiler)[ by that I mean a totally delusional and demented girl (hide spoiler)] but she rewarded me in the end and left me smiling. A really nice book.
I couldn't imagine a better introduction on phylosophical ethics. Simple language but still up to a good level covering the most significant theories with a variety of practical illustrations. Just what I needed to further my knowledge on this topic.
This book is an apologetic suggestion of biblical matters that need explanation and understanding. As Ph.D. Hugh Ross says, our intellectual and technological advances have raised new questions and doubts about many things such as our origin. Thus, making a good use of new scientific discoveries to illuminate hidden notions of the Bible is not an to act to blame or judged by God.Having said that, Hugh Ross is using the recent discovery of ten-dimenson universe to demonstrate answers for questions such as:1) How can my choices be totally "free" if God is in control of all things at all times and knows the end from the beginning?2) How can God hear my words and thoughts while listening to billions of others around the world at excactly the same moment?3) How can God be all-powerful and all-loving and yet allow so much suffering and evil?
What I liked the most about this book was the illustrations C.S. Lewis gives to demonstrate answers about theological difficult common questions. Thus, he answers about Christian ethics and virtues in simple way although sometimes it was hard for me to follow at some point. His main message is that human can be a good person but God wants them to be totally transformed according to His image without that meaning that their personality will be lost. But that's a procedure that humanbeings cannot go along by themselves. Only by the power of God we can be transformed.
The plot wasn't as interesting as I anticipated, but it was ok. The ending was stronger though!
The story is boring and meaningless. The narration is very tiring as well! Perhaps it is one of the worst novels I have ever read. There were some nice moments in the story but not enough to save the day!
This is an ideal introduction to Lutheran theology and spirituality for laypeople explained in plain language. Very clear and right to the point. Highly recommended!
Tolstoy is so neoplatonic in this novel!! However, he is still the king in finding different ways of narration!
This is the second time after a decade that I read this novel, longing to follow Olenin on his journey from Moscow to Caucasus once again. Like a second Thoreau, Olenin is sick of his past urban life and though he comes from an aristocratic family, he finds courage to change his life. He chooses to give a try on spending some time ( perhaps even the rest of it )... into the wild! That is a small Cossack village inhabited by plain people who just live their lives. Olenin is fascinated by the beauty of nature and the cossack way of life that motivate him to find his real self and the true meaning of life.Although I know that Anna Karenina and War & Peace are Tolstoy's greatest masterpieces, I find myself so bounded to Olenin inner conserns and the way he chose to discover himself that I can't help giving this novel all the five stars with all my heart! This journey could be mine...
** spoiler alert ** This is a heartfelt novel that I cherished reading! It's about regrets and possible lives of the past that emerge from 'what ifs' with which we all struggle. This concept is beautifully illustrated by the analogy of a library with books that offer all those possible lives Nora wished for her to have lived. But those books will not offer her the kind of escape she anticipated from her real life. Perhaps books are not made to offer this and they shouldn't. Real life is out there, here and now, formed by decisions. Books are here only to help. Going back in time and change things will not do. This is not the way to fix things. We only progress in a linear timeline, and we can only pick up our lives from where we last abandoned them. Her mentor through this process of realization and personal growth becomes the librarian of her former school days who would always welcome her in the library and offer her comfort."Life begins on the other side of despair" ~ SartreNora needed to hit this bottom of despair first, before starting living her real life. Perhaps, this is the starting point of everyone.About the technical part. At first, I felt that the author would repeat a pattern of storytelling without a mind-blowing turning point to be seen on the horizon. For that reason, I was thought to give four stars instead of five. But, then right at the end there it was! This is a fantastic novel!
I have never read this novel before although it's all time classic!! I had seen the movie but I couldn't imagine how tender and didactic this story would be.It is full of values such as self-sacrifice, self-sufficiency, vanity denial,offering, working and not be lazy, family and friendship. Those are the virtues one oughts to have in order to pursue the understanding of the true meaning of life.I was so glad that "The pilgrim's progress" had its place in the story!
Five stars not for the technic of the story telling but for its containt.
Mother Teresa's life and times is pure inspiration from her early calling till her death. She knew in her heart that God granted her the task to devote herself to Him and yet she struggled until that becomes clear. Once it was, her existence was offered as a sacrifice to the Poor. She didn't care about activism but to comfort Christ's thirst through the poor.Many would critise her for not making looong sermons about God's love but theory wasn't her point. She was able to realise there was need for HER to be God's instrument who would demonstrate His love... which way else than feeding the poorest of the poor and giving love to the unloved? A demonstrated Love powerful enough to save souls.Will we be God's pencils in a suffering world or we will be stubbornly congratulating ourselves for our faulse-self-created holiness inside churches?
Great imagination!
It's the first book I read from Spanish author Juan José Millás entitled “What I know from little people” (Lo que sé de los hombrecillos) published originally from Seix Barral (Barcelona). Although, my book is a club edition one (Circulo de lectores) this fact does not mean anything because what changes is the cover, the publishing and the price. The text is the same on both editions. The main character is a jubilate University teacher and his wife, leaving a simple and quiet life. The narration begins with the teacher start watch all over him little people with the exact look of him, ready to fulfill each and every secret desire. It's a journey about sex, guiltiness of drinking and smoking, lies and more. The idea for those little people it's a metaphor to the imaginary friends of the childhood with whom we can feel secure and we can express every doubt, fear and wishes. It's a book between reality and imagination. Juan José Millás said that the idea for this book came to him when he was eight years old, and this enforce this great metaphor of the imaginary friends. The whole idea is very clever and catchy, but for me the language is too simple or straight forward in some chapters and didn't affect me at all (or maybe I wasn't ready for such language) and unfortunately my general idea of the book was determined by this. Despite this, the whole narration ended well and with a glimpse of romanticism which I like it.Because of it's end maybe I will try another Juan José Millás book without any second thought.
“What is done in youth can never be undone in age…”
“Chronicle of a death foretold”, published a year after Gabriel García Márquez gained the Nobel Prize (1982), is a both fictitious and journalistic book written by Márquez one year after the murder of his friend in 1951. However, in this book we are witnesses of the work of Márquez as journalist rather than novelist, as those years Márquez was working as a journalist at the “Heraldo de Barranquilla” newspaper. It originally published 27 years after the murder, as a respect to the members of the family.This book is an example of the so called “magic realism” in which fantastic and mythical elements are mixed into realistic fiction. Márquez here uses a non linear narration, he begins with the murder of Santiago Nasar. Then starts from the beginning and eventually he leads us up to the murder. In this book Márquez uses a technique in which he announces the occurrence from the title of the book. This technique is based on the idea that the reader will be interested in how Santiago was murdered rather the assassination itself.Angela Vicario and Bayardo San Roman are about to marry. The day of the wedding, Bayardo realizes that Angela is not a virgin and it is said that the man that took her virginity is Santiago Nasar. Although, the narrator doesn't clearly indicate if Santiago was the person who took Angela's virginity.Bayardo, offended by the issue, decided to abandon her. Only that moment Angela realized that she was really in love with Bayardo. During seventeen years she was trying to persuade him by writing him love letters. Finally she managed it and Bayardo came back to her.Then, the brothers of Angela, Pedro and Pablo Vicario took action as they were craving to murder Santiago in the name of the honor of their family, which is a fundamental moral issue of the community.Apart of the main characters of the story, other important ones are Placida Linero-mother of Santiago-, Victoria Guzmán, Divina Flor, Ibrahim Nasar, Cristo Bedoya and more.Nobody could believe that the Vicarios would murder Santiago, although they repeatedly announced their intent to murder him through the story. They found Santiago and killed him right outside of his home door. For what they did they remained only three years in prison.“Chronicle of a death foretold” is a very different book compared to the other titles of Márquez, but highly recommended.
It is a beautiful and well-written book about youthful love. It describes the concerns of teenagers and the peculiar relationships they often have with their parents. I quite liked it although I thought the plot was evolving rather slowly.
An Interesting book with a nice plot.
Α very good book. Its plot is nice and not at all tedious or boring. The author has managed to connect fiction with history successfully. A book worth reading.
An interesting book on how to face everyday life more optimistically and not pay attention to meaningless things
** spoiler alert ** Perhaps one of his best works. It is a mystery book with a very moving story. The descriptions of the amusement park were very nice and took you to another era. (It was also nice that there were no supernatural elements and the killer was a human 🤣)
It is an inovative thinking by Dane Rudhyar who introduces a kind of Lunar Astrology. I loved this book!
It is a version of Claudius Ptolemy Horoscopic Astrology with many arbitrary elements.
When a true story, that has shaken Greek Political system and society, comes to a well-written book, it is our obligation to read it!
Aristotle introduced the Aristotelian model of the Universe. The Earth was in the centre of this model and all the planets, the Sun, the Moon and the rest of the stars were supposed to move around it
It is a Critique of Astrology from the side of Astronomy.
For all those people who believe that modern politics have changed concept since the Ancient years. They will be surprised to see how similar the epochs are..
Julius Firmicus Maternus was one of the fathers of horoscopic Astrology. He explained in detail in the 4th century A.D. the Hellenistic Horoscopic System introduced by Claudious Ptolemy, Vetious Valens and other Greek Astronomers of the 1st century A.D.This book contains all sides and meanings of the Zodiac Signs, the planets, the system of the 12 houses and the aspects of the planets. Because of the abstract nature of the "Tetravivlos" of Claudious Ptolemy, "Mathseseos Libri" by Maternus is the full explanation of that theory which is also applied in our era.
This book is a point of reference for the subject of the Presocratic Philosophers. It is mentioning almost every sigle ancient text regarding these Philosophers with a decent commentary. It can be used by researchers because it contains all those ancient writtings in one volume.
This book of Astrology is implementing a variety of Claudius Ptolemy original Astrology.
A insurmountable book. The depth of information it provides is huge.
A really nice encyclopaedic book about Astrology
A unique book, the first of its kind! I enjoyed very much the reading. It suggestes a totally new amazing activity ! Cloudspotting!!
A must read book for amateur Astronomers and Physicists.
Those who want to gain a full picture of Horoscopic Astrology from its birth until today, should read this informative and analytical in concepts and persons (Astrologers) book. It contains mainly information on the origins of astrology, the differences and similarities between the Great Astrologers of Ancient Greece (Dorotheus of Sidon, Claudius Ptolemy, Vaetius Valens...). What exactly everyone single one has contributed and how all these affected the Tropical Astrology of today. There's also a very comprehensive listing of the medieval Arab astrologers, Mash'allah, Al-Biruni, etc., but also of the European Renaissance astrologers Tycho Brache, Kepler, Morin de Villefranche, etc., The description of the revival of astrology since the late 19th and early 20th century, is another strong point of this book. It mentions for almost every country, the astrologers who contributed to the revival of this ancient branch of knowledge. He also mentiones new theories, perspectives and trends such as Cosmobiology, Psychological Astrology, Siderealism, harmonics, and the astrologers who imported them. Only the huge effort to distinguish and highlight the similarities and differences of ancient astrology deserves our special mention. The reading of this book is a must for those interested in astrology ..Vasilis KanatasAuthor of Astrology of the 13 Signs of the Zodiac
Dimitris A. Fotiadis describes the Greek Revolution with a clear eye 150 years after the events. He uses all possible sources and tries to be objective in his narration. It is a Large book with many paintings and plans of the fights. I recommend it to the lover of Greek history.
It is a second reading of an amazing book about modern Astrology. My theory about the "Astrology of the 13 Signs of the Zodiac" is partly based on Mr. Seymour's theory.
Sine disciplina nulla musica perfecta est.This is how Dimitris Liantinis starts his wonderful book about life and death. If you want life prepare for death, is the moto of Liantinis in his life. A few months after finishing this book he selected the way he wanted to die, in the mountain of Taygetos in Greece.
Herodotus was the father of history. This is the first ever history book of the ancient years.I'm reading it every Summer! It is one of my greatest pleasures...
This book is the "Byblos" of Astrology. It was written 1900 years ago by Claudius Ptolemy, ancient Greek Astronomer, Physicist, Mathematician.
Very interesting book for the history of Western Astrology. Especially chapter 5 that describes Prince Charle's Horoscope according to Firmicus Maternus as well as Dorotheus of Sidon. There is a summary on each chapter that makes later references easier.
Aratus was the first ever poem writer of antiquity that's describing the 48 ancient Constellations and most prominent stars in his famous poem "Phenomena".
Pioneering work of Michel Gauquelin for the founding of Astrology from statistical point of view.
A wonderful story from Kristin O' Donnel Tubb full of astrological elements, descriptions and the presence of Ophiuchus the healer, the 13th Sign of the Zodiac. I loved that book! With it's continues reversals and comebacks. Although I 'm sure Ophiuchus has come to stay in the scene of modern Astrology!
One of the best works of ancient greek literature. The story of 10000 greek soldiers that went from Greece to Persia to help Kyrous fight against his brother King Artaxerxes of Persia.This works shows the higher level of the Greek Civilization that the Greek soldiers carried with them in this military expedition. They were respecting all ancient peoples that they found on their way back home beyond the vicissitudes of the campaign.It is an amazing read of about 2400 years old.
Very intriguing novel by Eco. His best work. The blending of medieval history with a mystery in a monastery on the 14th century A.D. is really fantastic. The movie is also nice but if we could compare it with the book, I would vote for this!
The same as for book 1-2. It is the second part of the history of the Persian Wars.
Dane Rudyar is explaining his "NEW" optic for Astrology under the name "Humanistic Astrology". This is his 2nd and by far more complete and mature version of the idea of "Humanistic Astrology" which has many differences from the "Event-driven Astrology" or fortune telling Astrology.It is a very well written book of a philosopher of Astrology.
Interesting, very retro but a little preidictable ! For those who love period murder mysteries!
Very good but not exceptional!
Funny, bold and utterly entertaining!!!
Good but not exceptional. The series was better!
Fynny, witty and smart!!! I really enjoyed reading this novel!!
I don' t know... I expected more...
Good but not Agatha's best!
Funny but not his best!
Amazing, sensitive, strong and intelligent female characters. I absolutely adored Dorothea!
Strong , powerful and empowering story and also a neo-noir. I adored Viridiana . Her agony to escape a suffocating environment just spoke to me. Girls everywhere out there: we can't expect Montgomery Clift to come and save us. Just like Viridiana, we have to save ourselves!
📚Just some days ago, Sophia-Maria Nicolopoulos released her first poetry chapbook “Dried daisies sprouting from my desk”.🌼I feel very lucky, since I had the chance to read the wonderful poems included in this book early and I thank from the depths of my heart the author for this honor!🌼 I can say that I was really touched by each of the poems, which are full of deep feelings and meanings. Sofia-Maria is a really gifted and talented author and I am looking forward to read more of her in the near future, since I believe she has so much to give!🌼Also, I loved the aesthetic of the book, its frond cover and the sketches included by @kalli_k_ , they fit so perfectly and take the reading pleasure to a higher level.🌼“I take my only weapon:a breath, a poem,a story.I wave them inside my exhausted mindCarefully laying out all the details,silently praying, oh yes, praying for the Light”.This is one of my favorite parts from the poem “It is a monster”!You can find it, with all the other wonderful and touching poems on Amazon:https://www.amazon.de/dp/B0B6XS874VSpread the Daisy’s power everywhere! 🌼🌼🌼
Review to come soon
It had all the details to be a 5 star book. But the last 30-40 pages were meaningless to me for my reading taste. Still a good book, excellent characters, loved the way the story was unfolded. I recommend it for sure!
Review to come soon!
not impressed!
Oxford Advanced Learner's Dictionary offers much more than just the meanings of words
Lovely book!
It was so absorbing! I didn't want to stop reading it!
so nice! love, anger
To a student of Archaeology or Helelnic civilisation, this book is very useful. It provokes you to read, search and take things further
New characters in this book - The beginning was very slow, explaining and repeating everything that happened in the book #1. It felt like it was written more for people who never read Beartown than for those who did.As always, he uses repetition. He writes about people and life and humanity in a way that is hard to explain – you just need to experience it.
I don't know why I have chosen this book, short book luckily.. it wasn't exactly INTO me
I didn't want to stop reading this book! it was so simple, nice reading it
cute story...! she finally found true love!
i totally loved this booked! i have seen also the movie but it's completely different .. the book is more interesting and absorbing
"Who we are and who we become depends, in part, on whom we love."
"Happy couples tend to relate stories where they worked well as a unit. The sense that they are in this together is palpable. Often, their words demonstrate similar beliefs, values and goals. Happy couples express pride over having survived difficult times. They glorify their struggle by emphasizing how it strengthened their commitment...they have built a system of shared meaning and purpose...how they interpret the negative and positive event is the key."
Chills all you can feel
Scary but interesting scary
** spoiler alert ** It's a nice book ,but it did not impressed me. I was thinking from the very beggining that the killer was the mold man.
A very good book for teenagers.
I liked it very much!
Creepy, fun story about a haunted house. Very easy to read and with a couple of disturbing scenes. However I thought some things happened just to serve the plot. Plus the voices of the characters could be more unique, especially in long dialogues.
Clare Mackintosh had me on the edge of my seat, as she did with her novel "I Let You Go". If you like crime fiction where the suspects make up half the village, you'll enjoy this book. It has one of the most accurate and useful scenes about sexual consent I've ever read in fiction. The reader will go out with a lot to think about.I learned a lot about Wales, too. Maybe the twists were one too many, but still "The Last Party" is a great example of crime fiction being relevant today.
Not often do I read a short story collection and have to take such long pauses between the stories. Michael Wehunt writes in such a beautiful, simple way about loss that one can't help but mourn each story for a while before continuing to the next. The people in the book are a colorful pallet: immigrants, middle aged people, children, anyone with a heart beating for something that is gone. "Greener pastures" was a great experience and now that it's all read and done, I feel like I really won something, by reading about all these people that have lost.
The strong point with this book are the characters and the choices they make. The ending disappointed me, but it did not take away all the fun I had reading Mainlander, with the witty jokes and the lovely descriptions of the island as well as its closed community.Can people really change? I think that the answer to this question is the true heart of this novel.
A masterpiece: funny, touching, educational. Could be my favorite Pratchett book yet. It's an easy book for new readers to pick up as there's not much reference to previous characters from Discworld.
Epic! Why isn't everyone talking about this? Stunning visuals and clever religious horror. Metal as hell!
Very sweet, if you're looking for a book with a balanced kind inspector without a drinking problem, this is the book for you.
A small book with a big heart, Ru narrates the story of a Vietnamese girl that becomes a refugee seeking a new life in Canada. The story is drenched in suffering and though it is described beautifully, I couldn't bring myself to read it all in one go. Still it was worth it.
I knew it would be creepy and I knew it would be scary. But I had no idea it would be this beautifully created! The narrative is not pushing for tension, but builds it slowly and I’m sure the captivating visuals will prove to be memorable. It was hard to read it in a public cafe though, I kept thinking people would sneak a peek and drop their coffee cups.
Tldr: Great book for fantasy readers.After reading "Between two fires", a masterpiece, I was excited to read The Blacktongue Thief. My husband and I read it together, both in audio form which is beautifully read, and in kindle. Something happened for me more than halfway in, which was not the book's fault, but I had to leave reading to the side. When I opened it again I had forgotten details and I thought it unfair to push on, until I was ready to grab the tale from start. Boy, am I glad I did that, and not only because my husband wouldn't stop praising the rest of the novel to me. I laughed out loud at many parts and find even this review to be written in the rhythm of the internal monologue of my favorite thief. It surely left its mark, or should I say tattoo. If goblins, giants and magic strike your fancy you'll probably love this world, even though we'd never choose to inhabit it. 'Tis a dangerous, treacherous place.
A tender novel about family relationships. Though the plot runs the course of several decades, the jumps between periods are done seamlessly. It is very compassionate, very kind. A book with a heart.
A funny and horrifying novel that will keep you wondering what is going to happen next. The collision between the supernatural force and the technology we have today is very well written. Still, I think what makes this book really special is how it depicts the crowd psychology that exists in little towns and how it dangerous it can be.
Beautiful work, funny and touching.
The plot has great potential with twists and turns, and the writing is easy to follow. Unfortunately the mother-daughter relationship was underdeveloped and so was the husband-wife relationship. I’m glad I read it though, it had a nice vibe and it felt like a movie you’d watch on a Sunday afternoon.
Another book on social issues: this one tackles slavery in the form of the golems as well as female sexuality with the appearance of a female dwarf. It made me laugh out loud and think. And I believe that's what the great Terry Pratchett was going for.
My sister gifted me this biography, it’s the first one I’ve read and I wonder: was it the biography part I enjoyed? The feminist anarchy part? Or that is was a present by my sister? Anyway, I really enjoyed reading about Voltairine and her haunted, precious life. I feel I could recognize her in the street, I know her so well now and she feels real to me and alive. A person who tried to matter and succeeded.
I love the series, but this had a lot of plot going on: building on the previous case, explaining a new tragedy through flashbacks, and working on a new complicated mystery. That gives the book little space to expand on the things I love about the series like the family relationships or the moral code of the inspector. Still, well written.
As a I read this directly after two other discworld novels I consider it a good point to take a break from the Pratchett universe. Very well written, mysterious and funny this book investigates other minority cultures and does it well. Plus I was a bit tired of reading about the city so it was even a good change of scenery.
A murder investigation that makes place for all that is good in life: company, food, quaint locations, art, forgiveness. Louise Penny manages to create a situation where even the most horrid crime cannot defeat the goodness in people. It's been a joy to read this book and follow all the moral dilemmas, big or small, that the characters have to face in order to become better.
Great read! Eye-opening about rule in ancient Egypt, with connections to our present regard of women.
Great to read or listen to on those winter nights.
A great collection with very nice artworks. My absolute favorite was "Violet is the color of your energy" but I also loved the following:Eight secondsThe thing on the cheerleading squadCthulhu of the dead seaTurn out the lightBring the moon to meThe adventure's wifeBody to body to bodyThe cypress godThe opera singer
Great book, I really connected with the characters, I laughed, I cried, I got scared by the amazing lengths of the writers imagination. I wanted to wait a couple of months to write the review because I was so emotional after the book's ending, but i still feel just as strongly about the quality of its writing. So epic and so humane at the same time. A fantastic read!
Short and scary, a novel that delivers upon its promise to spook you and leave you just before it gets too much. Listened to the audiobook version with my husband. I really recommend it to people that look for a haunted house story to listen to with a special someone.
I really enjoyed it. It's not about the plot, but about fleeting moments of attraction between people and how they handle their emotions. If I could speak to the characters I'd say life is too short; tell people you're attracted to them and go from there!
Deeply emotional, with many different characters, this book investigates the idea of family. What makes a family? Is it a blood relation, a choice or just a repeated pattern that comes easily?And the other big question is whether we die alone. If on your last days you're unaware of the people over your deathbed, are you really alone in all the ways that matter? Be prepared to get some tough answers and dive in this well-written novel.
A post-apocalyptic horror novel with many twists and turns! Exciting, horrifying and even melancholic this book is the swan song of the old world and the first cry of the new. Discussing ideas like motherhood, community and quality of life, it's bound to keep you reading.
The reader can empathize with both the living and the dead as this at times humorous and at times tragic story unfolds. Haunted house stories tend to limit themselves to the actual house but this one even explores the American South as remembered by Sandra (my favorite character). I would gladly read another book by Oliver!
I learned so much from this novel! About the Jim Crow laws, the everyday struggles of African Americans in the 1950s, and the unbreakable spirit one must have to endure endless bigotry. It was scary at times, but not so much because of the supernatural horror. My favorite character was the indomitable Letitia, who had the simple dream of owning a house. It presented a giant challenge and to me her chapters were by far the most interesting. Great work!
This novel provides a thrilling experience, with many twists and turns. It builds on great characters and chilling descriptions of a dark past. It’s a book that makes you gasp out loud!
This novel is sad, difficult and important. It raises many good questions one of which is: once you've lost your sense of self, is life even worth living?
A Greek immigrant in Sweden (much as I am) writes one of the most moving books I have had the pleasure of reading. Few times in my life have I felt such warmth and familiarity in the voice of a writer.
If you enjoy reading Oscar Wilde but wish he had a feminist agenda, you should read Edith Wharton's "The age of innocence".Witty, sharp and entertaining Wharton transports us to a time Society dreaded scandal more than disease. It is about a tragic love affair but I do not consider it romantic, more so a cautionary tale of when you just let life happen to you instead of actively seeking happiness.
Kicked off the year with a short story collection by the Iraqi writer Luay Hamza Abbas, translated by Yasmeen Hanoosh. The style of writing is poetic, even though it describes everyday people. The heart of the collection is the disruption of routine by violence, and I think the writer is delicately opening the Iraqi experience of the past decade into a universal meaning where everyone goes through fear and destruction in the same numbing way.
Have you read the Suicide Virgins as well?
The 3rd novel of Kasischke I've read and it's a great one. A dystopian book full of beauty, keeping calm and carrying on. The relationships building between the characters in harsh conditions are really moving. A novel that is not about the end, but about the journey.
Did not fall in love with it as deeply as with Guards, guards but this book is also excellent. Great message about racism, lovable characters and entertaining humor. Terry has done it again!
The best love story I've ever read! Even though it's long, I found the story thrilling. I learned so much about Leningrad during the 2nd world War. I don't think I'll read the next books, at least not for now, but I really appreciated this one.
It was a thousand pages long-journey that I am absolutely glad I took. I am amazed at the ability of Sanderson to write a tale of epic proportions, about magic, war, betrayal, yet leave the reader with a heart-warming feeling, impatient for the next book.
Amazing! The illustrations, the script, the characters, everything is an example of excellent work. And that ending! *chills*
Borrowed this book from a kind colleague and enjoyed it completely! Very funny, very sad, absolutely human.
Literary horror at its best! Even though the images are impressive and the supernatural element so well written, I believe the largest impact the book has made in my mind is due to the calmer parts; the descriptions of immigrant life, the love that settled from a fiery romance to a good family.
I thoroughly enjoyed this dark comedy/ whodunnit mystery in the depths of the Lovecraft-loving community.The writing felt incredibly unique and refreshing in how it expressed complicated ideas about social relations and death. Still the thing that really stood out for me was the way Mamatas wrote the female perspective of someone trying to create her own identity within a male-dominated, small community. It is spot on!
Great read about love and loss, some scenes were heartbreaking. I really enjoyed reading about Australia! I'll have to chase up some more books that play out there.
I read this in Swedish and had plenty of words to learn so it took me quite some time. It was exciting and there were twists and turns but all in all I would like more focus on the daughters than other characters.
The Corset by Laura Purcell was a great example of gothic fiction. Ruth discovers she has a gift for sewing and with it a dark power... The descriptions of the sewing theme were so well-written, and the reader can really feel the desperation of the young heroine, trapped in a tough life. The story discusses privilege in different ways; sex, financials, family, talent. I felt the ending was slightly rushed but still enjoyed a book in the middle of summer, that's clearly meant to be read during deep winter, by the fireplace.
Funny, sad and not elitist at all. If you like music, and what kind of monster doesn't, you should give it a shot.
This book was a gift. I wonder now about my friend's taste and common sense. I started reading it and at once felt the stupidity flowing through the pages. But I insisted. I kept reading as a sign of faith in literature, only to prove myself, next time to follow the signs of intuition and never finish an awful book.
If got had to choose between two versions of yourself : your stable and fixed one vs your spontaneous and developing one, which one would you choose? Plus, if someone told you that you have to put some effort in it or do some serious work, would that determine your decision? Finally, if the outcome proved that you do can change , would that matter to you? As if self-help books can offer that illusion..! One in a million chance, still a chance! ☺️
It seems like we are on the wrong path. We live to work and not the opposite. We rarely come to think of alternatives. We are programmed to serve the system. Reading this book , someone can face the truth , but still leave it aside and go on making minute changes. If not, one”s muse may become the inner force to apply these rules for a life full of enjoyment, trips and fun. The question is:Have you found your muse ? If yes, create your niche!If not, find it first and then eliminate, automate, outsource, liberate!Just a few of the leading principles. My rate is only 4 , because I loved the theory, it would be 5 if I had the guts to apply it and see the results🎯🙃
I had to study 100 pages , in order to find answers in things bothering me in no more than five pages scattered all around the book! Still a win situation!✌️
A bit superficial and repetitive.
Raw and true. 🔗
I got a bit tired by this unchangeable character lost in his deep desire to change but unable to act. Helpless, timid and overthinking. Still, Barnes’ kind of humour sparkled a bit of vividness to the course of the story. A story about the coming of the end. Of a life’s ending. Was everything our choice or not?Have we compromised?Let things happen?Or caused them, delussion~like??
What if a little girl’s stream of consciousness was recorded ? What if that little girl was one of a kind? Mature for her age, still a reckless one. Would it be an exaggeration to compare it to the main character of J. D. Salinger’s “The Catcher In The Rye”???
Completely outdated, written in the sixties. I believe that Human relationships are much more complicated and our behavior defined by many more factors than just an immature Child or a cunning Adult.
“Love is possible only if people communicate with each other from the centre of their existence, hence if each one of them experiences himself from the centre of his existence.”
Computers and skills have a sell-by date. But ideas have no boundaries. Our minds are used to limited procedures of thinking. How about changing that , if we want to change each and every thing around us? Design needs a spark of unusual kind of thinking and finishing that book might be a chance to a new beginning.
InstinctualMysteriousDeepDiscoveringEmpoweringCravingDissolvingRecreating…. All sank into our Life and Death cycles…. A journey I came out different
Nesbo is always a favourite. Whatever the story. Even more, when Harry Hole is after the bad guy. Since he is one and knows the way he thinks. It is just that he happens to be on the other side. Not necessarily the innocent side of things. 🖤I think I m gonna start reading one of the series right now.
Best advice learnt from this book:“ fake it , till you make it”😉
Oh that Murakami’s bizarre paradox! Always taken aback, still makes us ask for more. Desire fulfilled or not, is what keeps us going.And that’s when the paradox becomes reality, however strange the desire might be.
Learning from the best! Not everything is applicable, but it surely offers a great range of ideas and solutions according to each one’s needs.
We rarely ask why we do one thing or choose another. We are like automated machines , defined by culture and genes, plus the environment surrounding us. If we start asking why , we might find ourselves in another path and this might be the most suitable for us. Cause we are lost, aren’t we? What intrigued me most is that the answer is always hidden somewhere in the past and not a future goal aiming to achieve. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
Amazing photos and illustrations. Make you want to travel ✈️
What an amazing illustration! The story is beautiful too. My 5-year-old loved it.
"Art doesn't typically get made by happy people"
"Can I pay with an Amazon gift card?"
"and here you are livingdespite it all"
"And in that moment, I swear we were infinite"
"What would your three wishes be?"asked Tiny Dragon.Big Panda pondered a moment."Us together... traveling... in the rain."You give me strength when all mine has gone.
"You don't have to understand life. You just have to live it."
"what am i to you he asksi put my hands in his lapand whisper youare every hopei've ever hadin human form"
Amazing plot twist
Amazing book, I didn't expect the ending
Copies the lord of the rings
** spoiler alert ** interesting but predictable
A must read for the english speaking community
Interesting
Learned a lot I didint know about French history and had fun
A pure classic full of twisis and turns. Just couldn't put it down!!
Interesting and enlightining
Interesting, intriging keeps you on your toes. Can't wait for the next one
You can learn alot by reading such a book
Masterpiece Αριστούργημα, well worthed the Nobel price
Interesting, historikly correct, I learned a lot about the city I was born in
As a resident of this town I found it absolutely adorable
Inmtriging full of turns wonderfully dark
The best of rhe series so far
A real classic, thrilling, simply amazing. Off to wizards school
Great for children aged 6 to 8 years old. very funny
"It is bound to me now as I am to it. (...) If ever I weaken again, and try to escape from it, to break the bond, it will possess me. And yet, when I held it with all the strength I had, it became mere vapor, and escaped from me. . . . And so it will again, and yet it cannot really escape, for I can always find it. I am bound to the foul cruel thing, and will be forever, unless I can leam the word that masters it: its name."
"Schmuel turned just as Bruno applied the finishing touch to his costume, placing the striped cloth cap on his head. Schmuel blinked and shook his head. It was quite extraordinary. If it wasn't for the fact that Bruno was nowhere near as skinny as the boys on his side of the fence, and not quite as pale either, it would have been difficult to tell them apart. It was almost (Schmuel thought) as if the were all exactly the same really."
"The white man is very clever. He came quietly and peaceably with his religion.We were amused at his foolishness and allowed him to stay. Now he has won our brothers, and our clan can no longer act like one. He has put a knife on the things that held us together and we have fallen apart."
A profound and enjoyable read, as are all of Eco's novels. How did the Jews come to represent evil incarnate throughout the world? How does one construct truth out of nothing and pass it on as a veritable and unquestionable fact? To learn the overwhelming power of falsity, prejudice and random facts turned into documents turned into history, this book serves as a most useful guide.
"Starbuck, of late I feel strangely moved to thee (...) But in this matter of the whale (...), Ahab is for ever Ahab, man. This whole act's immutably decreed.'Twas rehearsed by thee and me a billion years before this ocean rolled. Fool! I am the Fates' lieutenant; I act under orders. Look thou, underling! That though obeyest mine."
It provides the reader with a detailed mapping of everyday thoughts that can change the world and a guide on how to use them.It's diversity vs uniformity and the individual vs standardization yet again - and guess who wins!
An invaluable tool for dispelling the danger of the single story: about life in Nigeria before and after the civil war and about Africa in general, as perceived by most western whites. If you focus on a handful of people in any place and any situation, you will find everything: all traits, admirable and shameful, all worries, all fears. This is what the book builds towards with every line, every paragraph, every page: drop labels, everything exists in everyone. And anyone is capable of anything.
You know the part where Einstein writes something about stepping out of time as if getting off a moving train and then being able to see the true nature of time? I'm guessing Asimov read that, loved it, visualized it into a greatly imaginative and sometimes baffling system and then wrote The End of Eternity. Only here, there’s also a girl. There’s always a girl I guess.All in all - another great Asimon novel!
"If goodness has causes, it is not goodness; if it has effects, a reward, it is not goodness either. So goodness is outside the chain of cause and effect.And yet I know that, and we all know it.Then, what could be a greater miracle than that?”
"You put so much stock in winning wars, the grubby uniquitous old man scoffed. The real trick lies in losing wars, in knowing which wars can be lost. Italy has been losing wars for centuries and just see how splendidly we've done nonetheless. France wins wars and is in a continual state of crisis. Germany loses and prospers. Look at our own recent history. Italy won a war in Ethiopia and promptly stumbled into serious trouble. Victory gave us such insane delusions of grandeur that we helped start a world war we hadn't a chance of winning. But now that we are losing again, everything has taken a turn for the better, and we will certainly come out on top again if we succeed in being defeated."
"A robot may not harm a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm".Or can it? How ironclad is the First Law really? It was made by men and men are prone to loopholes.What effect would subverting the First Law, the foundation of robotics and the only safety net of mankind against robots, have on the struggle of man versus machine?Asimov delivers a gripping novel that lures you in as a murder mystery but is actually about man's social makeup, their tendency to shy away from what they fear and the steps they must take to advance themselves and ultimately save their kind from oblivion.
"Mothers and fathers, brothers and sisters. But there were also husbands, wives,lovers. There were also monogamy and romance. (...)Family, monogamy, romance. Everywhere exclusiveness, a narrow channellingof impulse and energy.“But every one belongs to every one else,” he concluded, citing the hypnopædicproverb. The students nodded, emphatically agreeing with a statement which upwardsof sixty-two thousand repetitions in the dark had made them accept, not merelyas true, but as axiomatic, self-evident, utterly indisputable".
"I am a materialist, I would think to myself; I only have one life; why should I bother about consciousnessraising and social inequality when I could be enjoying myself and having much more fun than I would have worrying about all that. For someone who has only this one life, who doesn't believe in eternal life, who admits no other law than that of nature, who is opposed to the state because it's unnatural, to marriage because it's unnatural, to money because it's unnatural, to all such social fictions because they are unnatural, why on earth should he defend altruism and sacrifice himself for humanity, if altruism and self-sacrifice are also unnatural?Yes, the same logic that shows me that man was not born to be married, or to be Portuguese, or to be rich or poor, shows me that he was not born for solidarity either, that he was born only to be himself and thus the opposite of altruistic and comradely, in short, utterly selfish."
"The flaw in the Christ stories, said the visitor from outer space, was that Christ, who didn't look like much, was actually the Son of the Most Powerful Being in the Universe. Readers understood that, so, when they came to the crucifixion, they naturally thought: Oh boy - they sure picked the wrong guy to lynch that time! And that thought had a brother: There ARE right people to lynch. Who? People not well connected. So it goes".
"But all of this notwithstanding, you see, this is still the God who has been worshipped for centuries as the God of love. Absurd? No, on the contrary. It is the patent, signed in blood, of man's indelible good sense. Even then, in his savage, shaggy state, he understood: A true algebraic love of mankind will inevitably be inhuman, and the inevitable sign of the truth is its cruelty. Just as the inevitable sign of fire is that it burns. Can you show me a fire that does not burn?"
"All those folks are saying: 'It was plague. We've had the plague here.' You'd almost think they expected to be given medals for it. But what does that mean, 'plague'? Just life, no more than that."
“The universe is a dark forest. Every civilization is an armed hunter stalking through the trees like a ghost, gently pushing aside branches that block the path and trying to tread without sound. Even breathing is done with care. The hunter has to be careful, because everywhere in the forest are stealthy hunters like him. If he finds other life (...) there’s only one thing he can do: open fire and eliminate them. In this forest, hell is other people. An eternal threat that any life that exposes its own existence will be swiftly wiped out. This is the picture of cosmic civilization. It’s the explanation for the Fermi Paradox.”
Not afraid to provoke, plus: Best version of Moses yet conjured.
"No", said the priest, “it is not necessary to accept everything as true, one must only accept it as necessary.'"Depressing view", said K. "The lie made into the rule of the world".
"We take off into the cosmos, ready for anything: for solitude, for hardship, for exhaustion, death. Modesty forbids us to say so, but there are times when we think pretty well of ourselves. And yet, if we examine it more closely, our enthusiasm turns out to be all a sham. We don't want to conquer the cosmos, we simply want to extend the boundaries of Earth to the frontiers of the cosmos. For us, such and such a planet is as arid as the Sahara, another as frozen as the North Pole, yet another as lush as the Amazon basin. We are humanitarian and chivalrous; we don't want to enslave other races, we simply want to bequeath them our values and take over their heritage in exchange. We think of ourselves as the Knights of the Holy Contact. This is another lie. We are only seeking Man. We have no need of other worlds."
"I thought of the physical slightness of the people, their lack of intelligence, and those big abundant ruins, and it strengthened my belief in a perfect conquest of Nature.For after the battle comes Quiet. Humanity had been strong, energetic, and intelligent, and had used all its abundant vitality to alter the conditions under which it lived. And now came the reaction of the altered conditions. "
fuckin awesome :O
Poe, the philosopher:" I would here observe that very much of what is rejected as evidence by a court, is the best of evidence to the intellect. For the court, guiding itself by the general principles of evidence- the recognized and booked principles- is averse from swerving at particular instances. And this steadfast adherence to principle, with rigorous disregard of the conflicting exception, is a sure mode of attaining the maximum of attainable truth, in any long sequence of time. The practice, in mass, is therefore philosophical; but it is not the less certain that it engenders vast individual error"."I had swooned; but still will not say that all of consciousness was lost. What of it there remained I will not attempt to define, or even to describe; yet all was not lost. In the deepest slumber—no! In delirium—no! In a swoon—no! In death—no! even in the grave all is not lost. Else there is no immortality for man."
"I have now reached the point where I may indicate briefly what to me constitutes the essence of the crisis of our time. It concerns the relationship of the individual to society. The individual has become more conscious than ever of his dependence upon society. But he does not experience this dependence as a positive asset, as an organic tie, as a protective force, but rather as a threat to his natural rights, or even to his economic existence. Moreover, his position in society is such that the egotistical drives of his make-up are constantly being accentuated, while his social drives, which are by nature weaker, progressively deteriorate. All human beings, whatever their position in society, are suffering from this process of deterioration. Unknowingly prisoners of their own egotism, they feel insecure, lonely, and deprived of the naive, simple, and unsophisticated enjoyment of life."
“A God who cannot answer my questions is no use to me” said the black girl. “Besides, if you had really made everything you would know why you made the whaleas ugly as he is in the pictures.”“My father beat me from the time I was little until I was big enough to lay him outwith my knobkerry” said the black girl; “and even after that he tried to sell me toa white baas-soldier who had left his wife across the Seas. I have always refused tosay ‘Our father which art in heaven.’ I always say ‘Our grandfather.’ I will not have a God who is my father.”
"Tell me where is fancy bred,Or in the heart or in the head?How begot, how nourished? Reply, reply.It is engender’d in the eyes,With gazing fed; and fancy diesIn the cradle, where it lies".
It almost took me a month to read it and believe me I read a book that I really like in 2 days. If you want a travel guide for Italy, this one is for you!
Aouts
Don't forget to have some tissues while you read it !
Mr. Bjork , can you write more books please ?
Food for thought !!!!
I loved it from the very first pages! Amazing writing , it was exactly how a child would tell you his story.
I just couldn't finish it . It's not the J.K.R. I grew up with .. I think that this book should have been promoted with her alter ego name Robert Galbraith and not with hers. J.K.R will always be the writer of Harry Potter and everything else she does will be compared to that.
Pointless
Thank you J.K.R!!!!!! After all this time?ALWAYS!!!!!
I really like the way she highlights the characteristics,the movements and the details of the characters of her heroes!
To all of you who like this series of books:I just found out that it's been made into a series:http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3006802/
Love is a strange flower. She can blossom even in the middle of the desert
Perfect! Mik is one of my most beloved characters at books!
I really love it. It was full of romance and adventure! I loved the mythology of the India ,the sweet heroine and the handsome and warm Ren (tiger).
Really romantic book with several messages for the life and love behind the sweet story, something that I really appreciated reading J.R. Ward!
Romantic and inventive simultaneously. A wonderful book and an imaginative writer. I loved it from the beginning to the end and i waiting for the second part to be translate to my language!
I really love it! It makes my heart beats very strong!
[3.5] this book will actually cause you an existential crisis
Munroe's stories are about ordinary people acting in ordinary situations at ordinary places...Yet, her characters gradually reveal their negative sentimental states in a non-ordinary and interesting way, literature-wise. Disappointment, self-betrayal, remorse, depression etc. are all expressed by means of words uttered, implied or silenced by the characters. The author lets actions and non-actions of the heroes (heroins mostly) speak amends about their feelings.Munroe insightfully and admirably captures the semantics of our seemingly ordinary actions, thoughts, words.The only drawback of "Runaway", though, was that sometimes this "ordinariness" gets tiresome (for me) and kind of flattens out the story and makes it trudge through up to the next turning point (or the end).
Being a big fan of Keret's work and having praised in previous reviews of mine his other collections, I feel kind of guilty to betrayal for giving this 3 stars!I wasn't devouring the stories as usual. It felt like it was a bit short of inspiration. Not uninspired but in aggregate, less inspired than the other six I've read (not "Missing Kissinger", which I save for last).Of course, there are some great writing moments among the stories. My personal favourites were "For only 9.99" (I couldn't help visualizing it as a Monty Python's gig) and Fatso.Would I rather had read something else instead? Absolutely not! Even a mediocre (to me) Keret is better than many other readings I could have come by (an overstatement, I know, but that's love)!
Probably later than any other short-stories lover, I discovered Etgar Keret in 2019. The love at first reading has been fortified with every next book of his! This collection of stories is somewhat different than the rest I've read (Seven Good Years, The Bus Driver..., The girl in the fridge) content-wise. The subcutaneous humour, the satirical prose, intro-/extro-spective within the same story, the unpretentious writing are traits which are present in this book as well. Only that, many times (stories), Keret dives into the surrealistic, supernatural, counter-realism sort of speech, format, without though changing the social/personal/political issues that he usually deals with.It goes without saying that he dives deep and emerges back to the surface with one breath in these waters, too!
To start with, the hard-cover edition looks great in the eye and feels great in the hand! It certainly is worth buying. Furthermore, the illustration is just excellent, very imaginative and, at the same time, representative of the depicted players.Those characteristics are, nevertheless, sort of bonus features. What matters most is, of course, the content! The reason why this book has been written. I used to be a crazy NBA fan, a stats geek, especially in the 90's and 00's, so I ordered the book from abroad and started reading it the very first day I received it, with intense interest and heart-warming nostalgia! Like finding again a long-lost but well-preserved diary of my adolescence!Style-wise, the author is intentionally mimic of the oral speech, like among expert fans debating about basketball in theory and practice, which in my opinion most times works but some other times it doesn't. At some points colloquial phrasing seems to be used excessively. But then again, I'm not a native speaker so that might just be my impression.The first chapters did live up to my enthusiasm. Gradually, however, the initial feeling began to wear away and my interest in individual chapters varied.Moreover, I believe there were way too many footnotes distracting the flow of the reading, and I also believe some topics are overstretched and become tiresome. Those ones could be halved and still nobody would miss anything crucial. There are also some intra-cultural references that I simply don't get! That's not a minus for the book, of course. If it is for someone, it's for the international readers! There are for instance rap music references that I'm totally unfamiliar with, or some American films about basketball that I don't recall at all, maybe because they didn't make it over to the other side of the ocean (not Asia, I mean the other side of the other ocean, that is Europe).All in all, there were enjoyable parts more often than not and I truly smiled with Serrano's witful writing, I'd just prefer it had less written volume.And yes, I totally agree that the most spectacular, thrilling and memorable thing about basketball is the performance of a scorching hot player!
Intrigued by the topic of this collective work, sort of disappointed by the outcome.Not that the tales or the writing are weak (as far as I read at the end of the book, all of them are acclaimed authors) but the majority of the tales felt like lacking in inspiration and/or audacity.I don't know whether Poe's ghost turned out to be too intimidating for them or Griswold's curse had not been cast only upon Poe himself but on everyone who tried or tries to keep his legacy alive, but I really enjoyed only a mere few of those tales, few enough to easily name them here:Matheson's "133" (by far the shortest and the best one, to my opinion), Lopresti's "Street of the Dead House", Atwood's " The eye of Heaven" and the Brocks' and Nolan's "Afterlife".
Much ado about (almost) nothingI started this book with high expectations but I too soon realized that it wasn't I expected it to be or hoped for.4 stars for the plot, the detailed narration and the very good imagery.2 stars for the poor characters's build-up and for the reader's (or my) failure to relate to the main character who seems kind of shallow or one-dimensional, as in the bottom line all other characters also do.2 stars for the (small) added value of this book to the glorious sub-genre it pertains to.
I've read quite a few books about the upbringing of children written by acknowledged domestic or international specialists in this scientific field and I say this is the bible of parenting! It talks about a theory and practice of parenting that, in the end, looks so right and sensible that makes you think why couldn't you see it before. Well, most of us are largely influenced by the parenting of our parents and first of all we have to get rid of the prejudices and stereotypes of the past in order to become effective parents of our own.Love is fundamental for children but is not enough at all. As the saying roughly goes, "the road to hell is paved with good intentions"...
It is one of those books that you can't help quoting the cliché "you either love it or hate it". Well, possibly that would have been truer back at the time when it was first published, given the sociopolitical context, since nowadays people do not "hate" literary books; or at least not as much as pop idols, star athletes and, in general, questionable personalities of temporary public interest, as is vehemently expressed through social networks.Characterizing Heller's novel as an anti-war story is an understated truth. Heller's unique sarcasm and razor-sharp humour dissect many aspects of human identity and human society. Just to name a few, the operation of the war machine, the people involved in it, the way capitalism and the free market produce profiteers and paradoxes, religion, the violation of common sense, the authority of the State, the distorted values of patriotism, heroism and many other (mostly ending in -ism).Furthermore, I got the feeling that J.H. was even picking on us (or could it be self-sarcasm?) since I regularly found no significant (or at least direct) relevance between most of the chapter titles and the content of each chapter. For instance, the chapter titled, say, General Peckem hardly adds any new info about him than what we have gathered so far!One may be intimidated by Heller's writing style at first sight, or by the number of characters introduced in the book. I was for that matter! I'm quite sure that some readers might have put the book aside for a while (or for life). But if you resist the initial temptation, then you'll get fully compensated for your perseverance! The more I kept reading it, the more I was being absorbed by the story and the more I was enjoying reading Heller's prose. At the end, I didn't want it to end!As far as writing per se is concerned, I couldn't help admiring Heller's skill to meticulously transcribe facial expressions, expressed emotions, grimaces, and stances into words. I consider him to be among the masters of adjectives and participles!All in all, one of the most clever and detailed pieces of work I've ever read, surely an exceptional writing style.
There is no happy ending indeed. But that's hardly a spoiler.And Taibo's hero (Hector), well...he is hardly a hero. He is a risky, gutsy, impulsive, self-destructive detective who smokes at every chance, drinks numerous cans of pop soda per day and eats junk. In the latter matters, the exact opposite of detectives Pepe Carvalho and Salvo Montalbano, that is. The Irish-blooded Belascoaran only manages to stay alive because his creator needs him (sure, there must be some love too in there), in order to convey his view and experience of Mexico and especially the City of Mexico.This is only the third Taibo's novel I've read but I reckon I'm not hasting when I write that in his crime novels the crime itself and its solution seems of secondary importance. It serves as a vehicle leased by the author who wants to criticize the moral decadence of his beloved city, the corruption of the Government(s), of the Police, of the politicians, the apathy of the people among other socio-philosophical matters that come about as the story unfolds (or even regardless of the story sometimes).Taibo's critical eye on society, the sadness, melancholy and humour of Hector Belascoaran are all materialized within an exceptional piece of art. If one, though, cares only for action and successive plot twists, this is not the book to choose, let alone the writer to read.
This was the first collection of stories by Saunders I've ever read and the initial feeling for the majority of them, reminded me of how I felt when I started reading "The Catcher in the Rye": ..Is it going to go all the way like that? Well, it did go all the way like that and, soon enough in both works, I couldn't help liking the prose and admiring the authors!Saunders deals with such serious social and personal matters, aspects of human nature, in a seemingly superficial way, while in fact he practically subjects them in a profound bittersweet satire.Everything Saunders actually writes about is underlying. As if there were a thin layer consisting of ordinary, simple, colloquial talking, thinking and acting on behalf of his characters with which he masks the issues he intends to address. The mask though is as thin or as thick as it should be, so that the reader can see through it with a decent amount of focusing.Judging only by this book, if someone's not a native English speaker and/or doesn't live in the States (I definitely fall under this category), then Saunders might be regarded as a writer a bit hard to follow, but undoubtedly he's a writer worth-following.
Some good points
Good story. Reminded me of Orwell’s animal farm in regards to the writing.
Like and would recommend
Still crying
Very good read. The characters are very interesting and lovable without becoming annoying and the story is classic but fun. I did not see a lot of things coming and I was fully invested throughout the whole book.
http://acwa.info/enimerosi-blog/10-bl...https://tvxs.gr/news/biblio/trilimma-...
Philosophical statements in a dark and twisted environment.
“The memory of that event has only just come back to me, now doubly painful: regret for a vanished past and, above all, remorse for lost opportunities. Mithra-Grandchamp is the women we were unable to love, the chances we failed to seize, the moments of happiness we allowed to drift away. Today it seems to me that my whole life was nothing but a string of those small near misses: a race whose result we know beforehand but in which we fail to bet on the winner.”
“Ursula craved solitude but she hated loneliness, a conundrum that she couldn’t even begin to solve.” One of the most well-written and structured novels that exist out there. A maze probably, but if you pay close attention, you won't get lost.
Such a twist ending! Really clever I have to admit! Loved it!
Remaining silent is different from not speaking.
mind-blowing
The fascination of the abomination -you know.
The best road trip I've ever had in the US. And I haven't even been there.
Not as good as Blue Monday, but that's a given, I suppose.
Tiring and obnoxious language up until Chapter 10, which is obviously used for a particular reason but there is this feeling that everything is like a staged dream. And then, boom, "shock and awe", voilà! The book instantly becomes the most realistic thing you will ever read.
Not as captivating as Blue Monday, but a page-turner nonetheless.
“To speak behind others' backs is the ventilator of the heart.”
Architecture and psychology - what a combo! Other than that, an alternative title could very well be "50 shades of ecru".
It is said that in ancient Rome, craftsmen would use wax to cover imperfections in their marble sculptures, and that “sine cera” was a phrase commonly used by those presenting sculptures which were without wax, or else sincere (sine cera= without wax= sincere).Nowadays, we often sign off our letters by using "sincerely", meaning that our words are sincere and we have been truthful throughout the letter (namely, we haven't used any wax at all). Things you learn while reading :-)
Tarttism must be a thing now, I guess. "... although I've come to realize that the only truths that matter to me are the ones I don't, and can't, understand. What's mysterious, ambiguous, inexplicable. What doesn't fit into a story, what doesn't have a story. Glint of brightness on a barely-there chain. Patch of sunlight on a yellow wall. The loneliness that separates every living creature from every other living creature. Sorrow inseparable from joy."
Story Joe Hill: 4/5Art Leomacs: 5/5Publication: 5/5
Disturbing? Oh yeah. Great art? You bet. Page turner? Check.But somehow the final cut is messing and in no case "Survivor's Club" can be resembled to the magnificent "The It". It is like when you have all the right ingredients, but you can't put them together properly. Personal opinion :)
Time well spent
Always loved Paul Dini. This comic book is amazing and made me feel really nostalgic since I loved BATMAN reading as a kid "Batman: Adventures" once every month! I was eager for the next issue! When I found out there will be a comic book like that, after all these years I felt ecstatic! And I wasn't disappointed! This is old-school Batman, full of great lines (kudos Alan Burnett as well, you are great) and great drawing / sketches by another favorite (Ty Templeton). More to that there is something I had never seen at "Batman: Adventures" and did not expect to see like ever in a series like that: Violence. And blood. Gunshots, slapping, Joker in blood, Harley in blood, a Red Hood always aiming to kill (to actually KILL) made the whole story powerful and more interesting. Sometimes though, it didn't feel right. Like the case with Mr. Freeze. Batman kicking the table with the corpse of his dead wife (and that we actually see part of the woman's corpse treated that way) made me feel very uncomfortable. After all, this is a comic book for kids. Bottom line: If I own my love to Batman to a comic series, this is most definitely "Batman: Adventures". (Bruce Time, Paul Dini, Ty Templeton, Alan Burnett, Rick Burchett etc.) Thank you all! This is a comic book, that I really enjoyed it and happily added in my Batman collection.
A book that you don't wanna miss! Straight 5-star!
A bad moment of a great creator.Still there are memorable moments like the ones in the end, with Bruce and Lex, Carrie and Grayson.Overall a bad repetition of DK returns (if we assume there can be a good repetition of the magnificent DK returns)
The only volume with no coherent story. Instead a collection of 5 different short stories to conclude a bigger story that had allready a conclusion? (see future vision at Volume 9). Still first two stories add.. something to the whole Snyder story. The other 3 had their ups and downs. It is a 2.5/5ps. In total Snyder / Capullo "Batman" is one of the GREATEST Batman stories ever! A magnificent, bold, emotional and so-much-fun collection of 10 volumes! Thank you guys for this journey...
Don't ask me silly questions,I won't play silly games.I'm just a simple choo-choo trainAnd I'll always be the same
Funny and scary (or is it the other way around?) this is a ride i enjoyed! Kudos Owen King for the smart and edgy writing!
Didn't expect the Netflix version (which I love, and it's the reason I read the comic book), so I quite enjoy its darkness. In my humble opinion, the ending is really bold and emotional· food for thought.
Zatanna is one of my favorite DC character!Paul Dini is one of my favorite writers, such an extraordinary talent!This comic book though (vol. 1, 1-6) is not one of my favorites. Lots of problems in script and apart from the brilliant art of Dustin Nguyen (for a few pages, sadly), the other artists don't meet the expectations -just my personal opinion of course. llits a naf!
Thank you Patti
Surprisingly easy to read (considering the information volume provided) and undeniably really interesting. What I appreciated the most is the respect the writer shows to all characters involved. Kiesling analyzes and understands, he does not anathematize he does not succumb to easy faultfinding and moccery of the people behind the barrs. The only fault I found was the dismissive way the murder of Alexandros Grigoropoulos was described. A policeman shot a boy, perhaps just to scare him and not to kill him, but he shot against children and this is why thousands protested.
Loved it. It 's softer than Trainspotting, but i liked it more. Good for the train, good for the beach, great for a rainy day at home.
Not one of my favourite ones.. Too slow and I couldn't relate to the leading character at all. I chose it because the last Booker awarded book I had read (The line of beauty), was simply amazing, but I was deeply disappointed.
Surprisingly boring, yet easy to read. Only bought it cause it cost 3 euros. Now i know why.
Once you grab it, you just can't stop reading til you reach the last page. And then you start again!
I think i lost my time with this.. Easy way to make money, putting the word "jokes" next to Zizek's name, right?
Too many characters, so it 's a little difficult for all of them to develop in a few hundred pages. I think it's one of her weakest books.
Sometimes the writer would fascinate me and then ten borring pages would follow.. I liked the presentation of the ex soviet republic, but the angry tone of the book was somehow oberbearing.
Great detective story and very enlightening on the unvountable sufferings of the Argentinean people and the ones to blame for them. Could be a bit less far fetched. Nevertheless, i loved it.
Having already watched the movie more than once, I thought it wouldn't be that interesting a book to read, or perhaps it would bother me if the original plot was different. I was wrong in both cases. A really exciting book, well written if a bit slow with the razzle dazzle of a hollywood show. Definately recommend it as it also gives you a view of a Japanese woman's idea of the world in the 30s (the idea being that they understood so little of the things that would change their world so dramatically).
I had tried to read "Damian" but I just couldn't finish it (and I just had 25 more pages to read...), not because it was badly written of course, but it kept getting darker, more complex and I couldn 't "grab" it any more.. It was not like that with Rosshalde, perhaps because it is a more immature work of Hesse. The words were flying again, but this time it was a more down to earth, easy to relate to plot. I read in in an afternoon.
This is by far the worst Christie book I have ever read. It seems like she was trying to be political or something. Whatever it was, she was trying to do, it didn't work.
Typical Agatha Christie. I think this book is one of the best seller of all times :)
Beloved poems. All the collection of the book is truly amazing
a story full of love :)
Just perfect. A story to remember !!!
Seriously, I read it because I found it quite by chance. I didn't expect it to be so wonderful! Funny scenes, good discriptions of the places and actions. What I really liked about it, is that I felt all the central characters very familiar to me!
It is fun reading it, don't try though to compare it to other Kundera's books like "immortality". I didn't like the almost sexist way writer deals with women.
Great book, it reminds you Orwell's 1984. Pessimistic, but behind this pessimism i found hidden some hope... That some time people/socities will learn to act for the greater good, will learn to protest and think not only themselves...
A great writer whom i met very recently! Is this book a love novel or it is political, talking about the vanity of political beliefs?
When you read this book, try to get the meaning of each sentence! It's beautiful!
This is a very nice story, a book easy to read, kept me thrilled during summertime at the beach. A fiction story that reminded me a bit of X-men maybe. For me this is my favourite of the trilogy.
A masterpiece. The story illustrates the greatest simplicity in life. Doesn't matter how hard life may be at a given moment but there is always something that will give joy and happiness!!
I really loved it as an epic fantasy novel!! It was like a fairytale!! Not a masterpiece for sure but I had fun and excitement reading it. I totally suggest it to all those that are looking for a simple and easy-going fantasy book with magic and dragons and Queens and swords!!
It reminded me of a visit I once paid to an art exhibition in Berlin, called Melancholia and utterly represented by Dürer’s painting
Wow, what a wonderful story is this one, I’ve loved it from start. Colson Whitehead has made this epic, as for me one of the best stories ever, written by an American mastermind.
I love this book so much. The different feelings I felt just by reading a sentence. Love the writing and the characters. One of my new favorites
SPOILER FREE REVIEWSo many people said that the book is overrated and that the plot twist is very predictable. In my opinion, the book is not overrated, although i did expect something more. I didn't predict the plot twist, but it really destroyed me :((( if u really really pay attention to the clues it gives u in the first 3 parts, you might predict it and you'll find the book boring. couldn't be me
THIS IS SO CUTE. I READ IT ONLINE IN LIKE 25 MINS TURNS OUT I LOVE THE COMIC TYPE! 100% gonna reread it and I’ll probably buy it.
Most of the time the second book in a series is bad. And in this case its true. i didn't like it, that much i left it like 30 pages before the end. I was soo bored of it and would only recommend to people who want to start reading the whole series and have already watched the movie. other than that, its so boring and well its a no from me.
Super boring. Couldn’t finish it
This is so cute
no bc this was really good ahh
** spoiler alert ** I wanted to love this, but unfortunately I didn’t. First of all, I want to declare that this book is amazing but disappointing to me bc I expected so much more. Why I liked it It is an amazing story, I love the way coho formulated her story into a best seller. I also love Atlas’s representation, and his character. Why I took 2 stars awayI wanted to love this. I’ve seen everyone cry over it and say how heartbreaking it is. And I agree. It is heartbreaking. But I didn’t cry I think I know the reason why though:Me, a teenage girl can’t possibly relate to a girl that has experienced abuse physical mental AND sexual. I think of course the target audience of It Ends With Us isn’t me, so I’m planning on rereading it when I get more mature and hopefully I cry
I- BTW NO SPOILERSWHY DIDNT I READ THIS SOONER? I LOVE THIS BOOKITS MY NEW ALL TIME FAVIF U ARE BORED AND DONT WANT TO START A BIIIIG SERIES GO READ CINDER RNIMMA BUY THE WHOLE SERIES NOWBRB IMMA SPEND MY FREAKING MONEY ON THIS BC ITS SOOO WORTH IT
DEAN MF DI LAURENTIS MARRY ME PLS. THE ENDING? WHAT THE FUDGE? THAT REALLY MAKES ME WANNA READ THE FOURTH BOOK BUT IDK IF IM INTERESTED IN TUCKER- but I guess I’ll give it a try
THIS IS SO GOOD. ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS SCHOOL HAS MADE US TO READ. THE DRUG REPRESENTATION, IT MAKES YOU RECONSIDER EVERYTHING ABOUT IT. YHIS IS SO GOOD BYE
** spoiler alert ** “Will you please tell me you love me? I’m dying here.”This is the cutest book I’ve ever read. I love Anna, Étienne st Claire so freaking much They are soulmatesThis book is fast paced, even if it’s a slowburn romance which it kinda isn’t bc everything happened fast but not bad fast, yk?Favorite rom com
i love this so much! the art is absolutely stunning and the story is the cutest one thing id change is that i want more. like. i want this to be a series bc the ending is kinda a cliffhanger and i just want to know what happens
This book is the ultimate five star. The emotions I went through are many, like joy, sadness, surprise, etcIt crushed me and then fixed me all over again. I wish I could read it again for the first time I NEED A SEQUEL
spoiler freeI love this book and its one of my all time favourites. It was the one that got me into reading and I really enjoyed it. I would recommend it to Red Queen fans, bc the plot is very similar. Anyways, if u haven't read this book yet go buy it bc there are badass characters and a decent amount of romance. (Born enemies to lovers)
I love this. Too much. There’s more Juliette and Warner and I’m very very happy and I’m going to immediately read the novella although it’s in Adams POV and he’s disgusting.
I love the fake dating- then falling in love trope. And this book is exactly it. I love how Brett’s And Becca’s relationship develops. This was pretty cute and fast paced, and I love how realistic it is. Honestly, this love story is so cute, and if it was a bool and Becca ever read it, I’m sure it would be her favorite!
** spoiler alert ** I love this book. The plot is amazing. The minute i got to the last sentence all i wanted to do is read the next one immediately. I would say, maxon is the most clueless man and aspen the worst. Maxon is very polite, sophisticated, THE PRINCE, and aspen is a 6, with a poor family that cant support America. Maxon worst decision is to put Aspen as Americas door guard. I mean, how didn't he see it coming? they would obviously kiss. Oh and, i think Americas best decision is to break up that affair or whatever she and aspen had, for Maxon. Stan her for that.
i don't like it. its too big and i basically know what the plot is based on the spoilers from tt i've seen so there's no point in reading it. I barely remember anything oops
** spoiler alert ** Idk how to feel about this3.5-4 stars? I’m team Jeremiah all the way, and I don’t understand why everyone is drooling over Conrad. He was pretty much selfish and at the end he was using BellyOpinions on the main characters Belly:She’s okay, did a lot of bad choices like continuing being friends w Taylor but overall she was just average. She pissed me off sometimes at the end but okay idkJeremiah: I like him, he’s the better choice and he’s nicer so team Jeremiah Conrad:I do not love him, but I can tolerate him. He is selfish af, might be the morally gray character or whatever but still unlikeableSusannah:I’m confused. How did she di3? It all happened so fast it wasn’t even explained. I do like her, she kinda reminds me of Lorelai from Gilmore girls
Four and a half starsAt first it was kind of boring and slow, but then it became smutty and everything so fast. Not as good as the Deal, Not as good as Garrett. PS Logan is still okay tho, and I was hoping to get a Hannah and Grace friendship and I did so that’s the extra half star
** spoiler alert ** I like the book, I really do,I like the writing and the concept but does it get better? That’s the whole book? It’s almost like it’s too fast paced for something big to happen. All that happened is that she left the asylum , Warner captured her, escapes the place w ewAdam and finds a new ‘home’ type of thing. Nothing but happend. I hope the next book is better I also want Juliette to finally realize Adam isn’t good for her. I’m suspicious about the guy. He doesn’t seem too valid. Anyways Warner for life
I. LOVE. THIS. BOOK. ITS BEAUTIFULLY WRITTENI LOVE THE CHARACTERS I INFACT DONT HATE ASPENI JUST DONT WANT HIM WITH AMERICAAND IM GLAD HE FOUND SOMEONE ELSE, THAT NEEDS HIMI ABSOLUTELY LOVE MAXONI WANT TO SCREAMITS 1 amI WANT TO LITERALLY SCREAMI ABSOLUTELY LOVE MARLEEANDI WISH I WAS AMERICABC SHE HAS MAXONUGH SUCH A BORING WORLD WE LIVE IN HUH
** spoiler alert ** I liked seeing Amberlys POV although she was deeply in love with an abuser. A prince who later became an abuser and a girl who later became queen deeply in love with the prince. This is cheesy. Anyways. The only reason I didn’t like it is bc Clarksons and Amberlys relationship was toxic and abusive. “Your hair would’ve looked better shorter” he said“You cut your hair” he said later ⬆️ she was too I love with him hoping to see his loving side but never did, plus she'd do anything for him, but he really doesn't deserve her
I can’t explain how much of a masterpiece this book is. I have no words, 1 the characters were realistic, wouldn’t say relatable bc I’m not a Hollywood star or anything but they felt real2 the husbands.i think that every single one of them represents a personality. My thinking is complicated but if you have read the book you’d understand *i hope 3 romances. Not going to spoil anything but Evelyns love story, is one of the most Interesting ones I can’t say anything bc I’ll spoil the book but I know it will be in my heart forever
This is super cute. I need to have a physical copy of the entire series. I love how it represents the eating disorder and asp how Nick supports Charlie and the other way around. They’re both so cute together.
** spoiler alert ** Fav book I’ve ever read. Like. That one quote. Yk the quote.
K. This bookHasPretty much every good trope. I see ur scars trope, *kinda* enemies to lovers?!?I’m not supposed to like you trope!?!?AHHH ITS SO GOODBTW ITS 4,5 bc cod the trope and I definitely recommend
i liked maxons pov, def going to re read it when i get a copy of happily ever after bc i wasn't paying a lot of attention so i don't remember LOOOts pf things. anyways i do remember this was good though
** spoiler alert ** I hate this book. I thought I’d like it, bc the plot seemed really interesting. I got the ending spoiled and I’m so disappointed in it. If you’re not a fan of mystery, don’t waste your time in thisOn to things I dislike1. Cooper being gay is a plot twist, since when is sexuality used as a plot twist?2.I didn’t connect w any character,and this is whyBronwyn, the nerd whose biggest ever secret is that she cheated on a test wow what a crime, wears glasses and “looks better w/o a ponytail”? Wtf hell no get away from me Addy, whose only personality trait is getting over her little breakup and getting her hair cut makes her suddenly more confident and independent? No thanks Nate, the “bad boy” love interest which I’m not into bc it’s just not it sells drugs and hooks up w everyone suddenly likes the nerds hair down and falls in love w her? Cooper, who his secret is that he gets drugs to get better at his sport? AND OFCOURSE Simon, who was depressed and wanted to ruin everybody’s lives, also had a gossip app and killed himself Jake too, who was a bitch 3. The book is named one of us is lying but none is lying bc the victim killed himself and its boring No thanksI was excited about reading what I thought at the time would be murder mystery but it turns out it’s just high school drama. There were no clues or anything and I practically guessed at the start that Simon committed suicide but I wasn’t sure bc the book was very hyped on ttAnyways don’t waste your time and money in this
** spoiler alert ** I stg I wanted to throw that book to the wall and rip it apart. But at the end I didn’t, bc I couldn’t put it down. I was kinda disappointed, since the first book was pretty good. ThoughtsI hate Aspen for not giving America space at the end of the book. I love Maxon bc he has been through mental and physical assault and still finds a way to be calm and handle things politely. I kinda hate America for revealing she has the diary-book, because that caused her many enemies she didn’t need. That will effect Maxons choices for the future.I like Queen Amberly because she for starters doesn’t attack her own child, and she is very empathetic when someone needs her. Marlee and Carter are endgame end of discussion. Bye nowIts currently 1am and I have school tomorrow Nice
I freaking adore this. Warner’s POV? Give me more
An unexpectedly good example in the fantasy genre.The writing is fluent and the characters are well written, with a good amount of respect and care for their idiosyncrasies and individuality, making them feel unique and not a random write-up as if throwing dice on paper. Each has its own motives, depth, and evolution as individuals. Avathar especially, with his snarky humor and attitude, is one of the writer’s strong points. The plot is another, able to demand your attention from the very first few pages, filled with action, drama, and even unexpected twists. The only part that I didn’t like that much was the sectioned formatting between chapters, making me lose track of the story at points and finding some lack of information between sections of the story. On the other hand, it might have been a personal issue, for I read the book between long breaks from it, making it harder for me to get back to it easily with the way the chapters are separated and set up.Nonetheless, I would highly recommend it to fantasy fans.
It's a very beutifull book to have it standing in front of others in your library. I love puzzles and riddles in general and i really enjoyed it.
Such a hard read. A very disappointing book unfortunately. Although the writing is quite charming,the plot itself was unrealistic and tiring. The characters were unhinged and hard to understand. Overall not impressed.
Although i really enjoyed the writing and the wording, the plot was quite disappointing. The storyline was moving too slow and I don't feel touched by the characters nor the story itself. Overall an easy read but nothing exciting.
A very well written book that goes deep into expressing the psychology behind toxic relationships. It was easy to read, had some very intense scenes and i found myself relating to both Kathryn and Daniel. With that being said, the ending left me unsatisfied, i didn't find any closure.
The book overall wasn't bad, Rooney's writing has matured a lot and her characters are way deeper and complete. It shows a refreshing perspective on sexual relationships and touches on delicate subjects with out seeming forced. It's not a ground breaking story but i really bonded with the characters and although i didn't agree with their actions on an ethical level, i was able to understand where they came from. I would love to see with what the writer will come up next.
One of the least engaging books i have ever read.
** spoiler alert ** Honestly, although the wirting wasn't that mindblowing, the storyline line is capturing and very heartfelt. It shows the paradox of love, realationships and family. It's a great book to read on vacations or any time you want something light to read. The last few pages broke me mostly because i got attached with the main character. Overall a good read, not exceptional though.
All the stories in this book have a special place in my heart. The writing is outstanding, heartfelt and raw. It sheds light on the complexity of human relatioship and love. Perfect for a blue night in.
The writing was phenomenal, it gave me a deep feeling of agony and fear. The book forced you into its world through the violent descriptions of the repulsive human nature, and the twisted ways of the mind. The writer puts existential questions throughout the story and turns this literature piece into a deeply philosophical essay. One of the most interesting books I've read so far.
So disappointed by the story and the characters in this book. After it ends with us i was expecting a good love story novel that would make me cry for hours. It was overall boring and bad written.
Her writing is phenomenal, she is a great story teller. I found myself deeply involved into the story the tome i was reading it. 100% recommend.
This has to be my favourite book by far.The story is thrilling, it makes revaluate your morals and makes you reconsider what you would do in order to succeed. Very easy to read and very well written. It's a 10/10 for me.
Brilliant! Pure and simple!
A captivating read!
Being an African born, I found it not only interesting but fascinating as well.
2,5/5 Ok, first of all i realy like this couple. Offerman and Mullaly. They seem so fucking cool. So, i was very excited to read their book. I had a good time. But it wasn t as funny as i expected. And i understand that they talked about their lives, about how they became actors ect but some parts were quite boring. Like reading about creativity 452 times or reading about how much work they have. I get it, they are succesful actors with busy careers, but in my opinion that was a (-) of this book.
"...Bringing people into the here and now. The real universe. That s the present moment. The past is no good to us. The future is full of anxiety. Only the present is real the here and now. Seize the day"
It is a funny book. with some hilarious stories. Also, there are heartbreaking stories for example (Wednesday,31 December 2008) I am not an OB/GYN but as a doctor, i can relate with Kay's storiesIn my opinion, ''this is going to hurt'' is better, but i enjoyed this book too
(" It would be unfair to label every single orthopaedic surgeon as a bone crunching Neanderthal simply on the basis of the 99 per cent of them it applies to,.."Hahaha that's SO FUCKING TRUE)I FINISHED IT!!. I ABSOLUTELY LOVED THIS BOOK. It s funny, and it s heartbreaking at the same time!! as a doctor myself that i want to work in my country's NHS, i felt so emotional. the author was the kind of doctor that i want to be in the future. compassionate, loving the nhs and the patients5/5
Weird from start to finish, both subtle political satire and imaginative escapade, Bulgakov's masterpiece is certainly something that will stay with the reader for a long time. I can't think of any other book that manages to combine modern-day Moscow (at least modern for the author) with Jerusalem in the time of Christ, or the pranks of the literal Devil and his gang with a deep narrative about an artist's struggle to express himself in a society where this is forbidden and a woman's eternal devotion to this same man and his work. I don't want to spoil anything, so I'll simply quote a phrase that I think perfectly summarizes this novel:"Kindly consider the question: what would your good do if evil did not exist, and what would the earth look like if shadows disappeared from it?"And of course the eternal:"Manuscripts don't burn."
A fantastic little book, the kind that makes you feel glad to read literature. It's a tale of change, of healing, of growing and finding happiness in the most simple way. In our modern world of depression and anxiety, classics like this will never lose their importance.
As I was going through the book, it suddenly dawned on me that I'm dealing with a writer of extreme intelligence, wit and understanding who at the same time is completely unapologetic for her craft. I've dealt with clever writers in the past, but never in so condensed a form. Her ever flowing stream of consciousness presents thoughts and feelings of various characters, never taking sides, never judging, never blaming. You would expect her to wholeheartedly support her protagonist and blame men for everything that has happened to her but instead she is objective, she presents Mrs. Dalloway's weaknesses and the choices she made willingly while at the same time presenting most beautifully and painfully Septimus's shell shock symptoms (in a time that many still considered men with these symptoms simply cowards). When I read the first sentence I just wanted to touch a bit of another famous writer but by the time I was reading the last sentence I was certain that I want to return in the future and follow Woolf's rivers of words in her other works.
A masterpiece. There.
The point -------> +Me: :)That was a weird language game mister Ludwig...
A solid story that has become a classic through its many different re-imaginings, but unfortunately not because of the artful storytelling of the original. Told in the form of diary entries (even though all characters tend to talk with the chivalrous tone and length of Don Quixote), I could never stop thinking that there were many ways to write the damn thing with better form. First of all, it could have easily been half the size. It moves either tortuously slow or break-neck fast. Not to mention that the characters are stupid, something that I really can't stand. "Hmm, that girl looks really pale, just like that other girl that also looked pale and became a vampire. Perhaps I should check her neck for any marks? Nah, she's probably just tired..." You can't just write a book as a collection of diaries and never consider that people can realize things just by writing them down. In general, if anyone's interested, just read the plot summary somewhere and then go read Frankenstein, a much better book.
The Name of the Rose by Umberto Eco is probably the greatest work of historical fiction set in Medieval Europe, and if that sometimes makes it difficult, pedantic, overly symbolic and a dragging theological treatise, either learn to deal with it and even enjoy it, or else forever abandon this extremely interesting but deathly hostile period and place. As a history enthusiast, popular media always disappoint me with their grim image of the past, the Dark Ages being quite literally dark and dirty, the average peasant having shit smeared on his face. The truth is very different. Bright colors were universally loved, churches were still decorated with extremely detailed Orthodox style, not to mention that people outside great cities actually bathed because they thought diseases were transmitted through scent. It was a time of constant geopolitical changes, of actual progress in many fields, but also of great spiritual stagnation. The darkness was spreading in the hearts and minds of men and women, forever looking at the ground and interpreting everything through the lenses of Scripture, always awaiting an Apocalypse that would never come.link to full review
Most good reviews for this novel tend to say that it manages to make you like and support the pedophile protagonist. And indeed, it is a most well made trap, from beginning to end, one which I really wanted to fall into for the sake of drama, but I really didn't. It becomes really sad in the end, and I do feel pity for him, and I times I did find Lolita(the girl, not the book) really annoying, but the best parts of the book, for me at least, are those in which our pedophile suffers in one way or another, mostly in the two opposites parts of the narrative. That's my big grudge, that the point seems for me to like a character but instead I really like watching him suffer. In general, pretty good but not the high-caliber classic many say it is.
Sometimes we fall in love with the hunt for our dream rather than the dream itself.
A masterpiece. The low rating is because most people are idiots.
I wish all history books were like this.
A clear sign of a really great book is when suggesting it resembles a drug deal. With other books you praise the character development, the plot, the use of language, the deeper meaning, but with something as intoxicating as the Perfume by Patrick Süskind, you're reduced to oh man, it's fu***** great, trust me, you have to try it, probably with a crazy look that would make your mother worry about the kind of things you do in your spare time. link to full review
The writer is the Lighthouse. Far away in the distance, a bright light sweeping constantly from character to character.
My relationship with this book is a private one, it can't produce a worthwhile review, thus I will simply reference the following excerpt:To discover the mode of life or of art whereby your spirit could express itself in unfettered freedom.
Great! So useful and full of good vibes!
Satisfaction (~75%)The idea is fascinating: a dark future where a rich few live well while most people suffer, lacking food and freedom. Democracy and freedom are gone, replaced by harsh police control. The media, instead of helping, keeps people in a daze, controlling them. It's a powerful backdrop for exploring how people fight back or survive in such a tough world.
The quality of the issue very good and the illustration excellent. The plot is quite modest.
** spoiler alert ** Satisfaction (~75%)The latest installment in the series blends adventure with strategic elements. However, it includes some repetitive points from earlier books, which can feel tedious. A notable issue is the casual treatment of major characters' deaths, seemingly without significance, leading to reader dissatisfaction. Additionally, the conclusion might appear hurried or careless to some, though it is ultimately acceptable.
As a work it has excellent illustrations, very particular and the use of handwriting gives a special essence. This book brings a lot of ideas to that of the little prince but differs in the fact that it is not addressed in my opinion to older people. The all quotes written inside contribute to share positive vibes but in a very basic level for someone who reads often. I would say that it is mainly a book for children.
In my recent reading of the Black Tower I, I encountered a narrative that I found rather challenging to navigate, particularly due to its convoluted approach to introducing and explaining novel concepts. The storytelling didn't resonate with me, and the writing style contributed to what I perceived as one of the most perplexing reads I've encountered. The timeline felt disjointed, making it hard to understand the chronological flow of events.The book often dives into chaotic event descriptions and introduces characters abruptly, leaving readers to grapple with a mix of factual and fantastical elements without much groundwork. This approach consistently left me feeling disoriented, akin to experiencing familiar characters in well-known stories acting completely out of character in pivotal moments.Furthermore, the narrative structure seemed monotonous, often repeating a cycle of waking, talking, eating or engaging in physical relationships, and sleeping. This repetition did little to enhance the story's depth or engagement.Lastly, I couldn't help but wonder if the book's popularity is primarily anchored on the author's renown rather than the story's inherent merit. It's a thought-provoking consideration, especially for readers who are familiar with the author's previous works.
Satisfaction (~70%)While the first book might set a high standard, the sequel's pace initially slows down, but it picks up momentum after reaching the midpoint.
A small masterpiece! Really enjoyed it!
Top reading in terms of language, characters, structure!
Once again, i loved Bernie's cynicism, ethos, and his habit of making hard choices rather easily. Smart way to combine two time-series that finally come together.
Impressive! Not one of the characters is “good””. All of them are at the same time victims and abusers. I felt scared and disappointed. Is this the real human nature?
Predictable. Mathematics only limited in the title.
Good plot, good development off the key characters.
Very good plot. In depth analysis of the characters. Surprising twist.
Interesting characters
WOW! Like being in a Picasso painting!
Intellectual, brilliant and heartbreaking at the same time. A masterpiece!
Clever, out of the box approach to present the human evolution. Sadly, covid was not predicted by the author.
Original plot, surprising ending, slightly indifferent way of writing.
Powerful story. Rebus at his best!
One of my top favourite books. I' ve read it as a child, as a teenager, as an adult. A book that praises the love for your origins, the need to fight for what you believe in, following always your principles! A book that made me love P. Delta.
Poetic, realistic, heart breaking, bitter!
Solid story. Interesting historical background
Good story, all beloved characters in the same plot, enjoyed it!
Superb, heart breaking, intellectual.
Nicely written, still, the horror could come out stronger.
Starting by trying to remember all that Maths from highschool. Finishing by thinking that Mathematics is the language of nature..
I’ll give a second chance to this Harry Hole guy..The first one wasn’t good enough…
The story flows perfectly: the American dream fades away above the family which exists to support and drive you crazy at the same time.. God works in mysterious ways but living with a maniac isn't always a good idea. I loved it!
Life in Greece takes a serious turn.I have enjoyed immensely the first travel memoir by Marjory McGinn, Things Can Only Get Feta, so when I was offered a free copy of the sequel in return for an honest review, I jumped at the chance. I had been looking forward to hearing how life has been away from the author’s beloved village of Megali Mantineia, and also, how the adorable pet, Wallace, got along with the fierce big dog in the new house. Last, I yearned to devour further details from the author’s interaction with the quirky locals, and especially Foteini, who is very close to my heart. Where it came to these expectations, the book delivered one hundred per cent. However, the feel of this book is entirely different. There isn’t much lightheartedness, plus it seemed to concentrate a lot on the crisis, containing accounts of political developments which I felt were in too much detail at times.In this book, I was intrigued to find a second timeline too, about the experiences of the author as a young girl in Athens in the 70s during the dreary junta. These accounts were very interesting, but also serious at times, so readers should be aware this is not your average lighthearted travel book. The author is very talented and has relayed the happenings in both timelines in a wonderful, highly descriptive way, and it has all been very interesting to read. However, for the reasons explained, I am giving this book 4-stars and not top marks, otherwise I feel I’d be unfair to the first volume that was an utter delight to read.I would recommend to any readers who haven’t read ‘Things Can Only Get Feta’, to read that first, and only then to try this volume.
An ode to motherhood!You can read this book within five minutes, but it's staying power in the mind is tremendous. Why? Because it elicits powerful emotions. For me it also brought back a plethora of memories from my own life. Even now that I am a middle-aged woman, my mother continues to be there for me, to listen, to support, and to assist in every way she can. She cheers me on when my life gets exciting, and on the days that I am troubled it takes her just one look at me to know something's wrong. Words are not always necessary with her, and I cannot possibly fool her... Often, a thought of her pops in my mind out of the blue and within seconds the phone rings... How do I know when she's about to call? This only ever happens with her... Because of these things, I can speak from experience about the strong bond between a mother and a daughter, and the author has captured this strong bond wonderfully through her lyrical prose and exquisite illustrations.This poem of a book describes motherhood in a way that speaks straight to the heart... No matter how old a child may grow to be, in their mother's eyes they will always remain that tiny, defenseless creature they once carried inside them, then held closely against their heart. And I also believe that a mother's love has tremendous power - it becomes an inner strength that will see her daughter through many hardships in her life. And when she becomes a mother, she will pass on this magical beacon of nurturing love to her own child too. I defy you to read this little book and not get emotional... For me, the more pages I turned, the larger the knot in my throat grew. I congratulate this author for her amazing feat... How commendable to be able to touch the reader so deeply speaking about the timeless, universal truths of motherhood in such a few words! This little gem is an ode to motherhood and thus makes for the perfect Mother's Day Gift, or a birthday present for Mum. I also think it's ideal for a gift to a daughter on her wedding day, or the day she brings her own daughter into the world. On all occasions the powerful prose of this gifted author will say it all eloquently. Wrap it up and deliver it with a bear hug... for a gift that will just keep giving whenever the receiver opens it.
Shocking... but a wonderful source of knowledge and hopeThis book has to be, hands down, the most unforgettable one I've ever read in terms of the knowledge it imparted and the emotions it stirred in me. This thick volume is an astounding feat of writing. Not only does it expose the shocking truths about the nature and causes of cancer as well as the devilish greed of gigantic corporations that keeps this epidemic going, but it also provides new hope for a life without the disease.Indeed, the most wonderful aspect of this book is the way it empowers the reader. After the shock I received from the many hidden truths documented in this book, I experienced a wonderful sense of hope. It is unbelievable how easy it seems to kill cancer once you've come to know its weaknesses. Furthermore, it is amazing to find out that simple things like the right diet and supplements, getting enough exercise, sun and oxygen, do wonders for one's healing. And, unlike the medical world's lethal cycle of "slash, poison and burn" (surgery, chemo and radiation), nature's ways have no life-threatening side effects. I was particularly shocked to read that medical staff who do the chemo to patients often refer privately among themselves to the drug 5FU as 'five feet under' which goes to show that doctors are often not just kept in ignorance, but also, even worse, are well in the know of the death they deliver and still choose to let things run their course. This book, just like Ty Bollinger's astounding docuseries of the same name, made me experience an explosive mix of emotions. Anger and hope stand out among the rest, with the latter being the one that settled in my psyche and only strengthened in time. I witnessed my mother undergo surgery, chemo, and radiation for 8 months last year, and I thank my lucky stars that my online research led me to discover Ty Bollinger. May God bless him for the information he is sharing with the world. I only hope he has eyes on his back as he doesn't mince his words and the medical status quo seem to be worse than the Mafia... Thanks to the advice that this author--and wonderful human being--shares in his book, my mother now has the right supplements and diet in her daily life, so she can do the best in her power to stay cancer-free. Knowledge is what gives us power. And TY Bollinger shares it in this book in abundance. Highly recommended, not just for cancer patients and survivors, but for anyone interested to protect themselves and their loved ones. The statistics are shocking: 1 in 2 men and 1 in 3 women will be ill with cancer at some point in their lives. Therefore it has become a part of life that we cannot afford to ignore any more.
A fascinating story!This story fascinated me beyond words. It was set in an exotic Caribbean world of a bygone era and I was enchanted to read about the plantations and the local magic rituals among many other things. The irresistible sexual tension between Elyse and Brace had me turning the pages thirstily, especially in the beginning when misunderstandings and Brace's hard front made it impossible for the two to express their deep love for each other. I found myself hating Elyse's evil aunt and uncle, and her anguish for what harm they might cause her next felt palpable inside me. The climax was fantastic, with many twists and turns along the way, and wonderful revelations at the end. By reading this book I felt like I'd traveled to Jamaica and witnessed it all first hand... this was a truly exhilarating journey. Quite a feat, and well done to Monica Barrie for that! I look forward to reading more from this author (I was given a free copy to read in exchange for an honest review).
A book of wisdom and mastery of language!This book speaks volumes (excuse the pun!) for the fine qualities of its author. It’s a highly imaginative story with philosophical wisdom stitched into it with supreme skill. The reader can’t help but surmise that Nicholas Rossis is not just a fervent supporter of the ideals of truth and justice, not just a highly spiritual human being, but also that he’s widely read. I loved the way that Pearseus speaks about the human condition so eloquently, despite the fact that this world is set on another planet. Gems of wisdom are to be picked up throughout the story. My absolute favorite was: “Evil’s strength is an illusion, for evil is strong only as long as you feed it.”I had read the first part of Pearseus (“The Schism”) before reading “The Rise of The Prince” which means that I was fully familiarized with all the characters first to arrive on Pearseus. This came in handy each time there were references to them in this book and it helped to have a deeper understanding of past history in this fantastical world. Yet, it isn’t an absolute prerequisite. The reader could also read these books out of order.There was an element in this book that rendered me utterly baffled and that was the map of Pearseus as it’s illustrated in the book. Even a cursory glance will make it obvious that what you’re looking at is the Eastern Med with Greece at its center! The islands look different but surely, there’s the Peloponnese slightly shifted and slanted. Even the names are often similar to actual names in the real world. For example, Cypress Island for Cyprus and Jonia for Ionia in Asia Minor. I didn’t know what to make of that but a quick search on the Internet revealed that the author has actually admitted openly that his story is an allegory and that of course, there are references to Greece and its history. I won’t say any more as not to give any spoilers. I just wanted to include in my review a mention to the map because it got me so mystified. I hope the clarifications serve any other reader out there who may have noticed the similarities.At the end of this book I felt overwhelmed; not just by the wisdom imparted, but also by the solid writing, the believability of the characters and the never-ending twists and turns as all the parallel stories unfolded. The strange thing is that this type of book is not my cup of tea at all. I don’t feel safe or happy in fantastical worlds as a reader. I love fantasy, but set in contemporary worlds. I don’t normally pick up books likely to have fighting scenes, battles and gore as I can be quite squeamish. Having said that, I loved the book simply because the writing was so incredible and the use of language, superb. It is truly remarkable to think that English, is not even this author’s native language!Truly, the only grievance I have with this book is that it ended on an unbearable cliff-hanger! But on a happy note, I hear that the next book, “Mad Water”, is coming soon and I can’t wait to see what happens next.
An excellent guide for book promotionsBeing an indie author, I have read a few books on the subject of promotion. I found RP Dahlke's specific book highly informative. She explains it all in detail and in simple language; rendering her book a breath of fresh air from others on the subject that are overloaded with baffling jargon and incomplete information assuming the reader is a pro. So this is predominantly a guide that will benefit inexperienced authors trying to learn the ropes. Having said that, I think it offers fresh ideas even for more experienced indie authors. I've been researching on the subject of online book promo for a year now, as I try to boost my book sales via promos on KDP Select and yet, I had never heard anyone suggest before to contact your Amazon reviewers. RP Dahlke lays down a wonderful suggestion on the matter that is an absolute win-win situation for both the author and the Amazon reviewer. The book is worth reading if anything, just for the specific chapter! Highly recommended.
A fast-paced, romantic page turner set in the heart of Greek summer.This is the second book in the Greek Isles Series and I must say, I thought it was even better than Spellbound in His Arms. Deadly Secrets was simply un-put-downable.Helena arrives in the cosmopolitan Greek island of Mykonos on a long holiday from London in order to find her roots and hoping to unravel an old family mystery too. In the process, her life and the life of others are put in danger, and she also falls irrevocably in love. This reads in many ways like a Harlequin romance; the dislike between the two main protagonists, the second guessing, the misunderstandings, etc. It is not advisable to read this if you are put off by these elements. But, if like me, you enjoy this type of romance, then do not hesitate. If anything, this book will transport you to the heart of the Greek summer in the Cyclades; the descriptions of the town of Mykonos are vivid and made me feel like I was back there. This book will highly intrigue and enthuse you, especially as the family secrets are many, the mystery intense and the villain is disclosed at the very end. Angel Sefer’s masterful story-telling will have you guessing all the time, enticing you to keep reading. I know I lost sleep over this, reading far longer into the night than I meant to. A cracking good read!
An exhilarating ride of stunning locations and constant twists and turns.This book is my favorite by Angel Sefer so far. It takes the reader on an exhilarating ride and I couldn't put it down. Through an intricate web of guilty secrets, lust, danger and heartache, Christina and Dan keep separating and reuniting again, their love and trust towards each other being tested throughout. Angel Sefer has grown immensely as a writer since publishing the first book in the series. The writing in this volume is superb and it took my breath away. I am amazed at this author's capability to create such fast-faced, riveting reads. Also, her choices of setting remain as stunning as always. I loved that the story took me as a reader to so many different enchanting locations, the island of Kefalonia being the precious jewel that's suitably introduced at the riveting climax. Although this is a series, each book can be read as a standalone. I am still going through them and can't wait to start the next one now.
I am a big fan of Kate Morton and I adore The Forgotten Garden and The Distant Hours for example, but this one was a disappointment. Endless prose, pages and pages of it that felt like padding and tired me as a reader beyond words. It was strange because I was completely captivated by the story of Dolly, Johnny and Vivian, but Laurel and her siblings left me completely uninterested. In the end, I found myself skimming through the happenings of 2011, eager to get back to the 1940s. This book would have been better for two things: First, for dozens and dozens of pages of needless babble to be removed, and secondly the author to revert to the writing style of her earlier books. I first noticed it in The Distant Hours and although it tired me then, I loved the book too much to mind. The author's writing style has become too complex for my liking. Not just the overuse of long words, but also the awkward structure of so many sentences, as if she's trying too hard. If only Ms Morton could write more simply again, her books would continue to be perfect. I shall probably buy her next book too, and pray it will be an improvement. For one, I hope her next book finds a ruthless editor who will get rid of needless passages; all that extra stuff that are not the story, and just tire the reader.
An excellent love story set in Greek landscapes of iconic beautyMonica Mitchell arrives in Athens for a job interview but she has a secret agenda too. Alex Argiros, the owner of the company, is someone who’s been haunting her thoughts since childhood after a couple of humiliating episodes that she had to suffer in his presence. By seeking to prove herself as a competent professional working for him, she’s really looking to redeem her lost confidence. She gets the job but soon finds out that seeking his approval is not enough; now she’s physically attracted to him as well, in a way that she cannot possibly resist. Complications ensue when they both succumb to their sexual desire, and what’s more, now Monica has to try harder to disclose her true identity. Being the stepdaughter of Alex’s greatest enemy, she dreads that her intentions will be misread should he find out who she really is.I was astounded by MM Jaye’s remarkable writing skills. The prose unfolds effortlessly, seamlessly, and generally reads like something an experienced author would write. Therefore, I was amazed that this is a debut novel. Another thing that surprised me greatly is MM Jaye’s proficient command of English despite being a native Greek speaker. This book is a true delight to read; not only because of the humor that had me laughing out loud (especially the eating scene under the desk but let me not say more and spoil it!), but also because of the freshness of the prose. MM Jaye seems to have a natural gift for bringing scenery to life and that’s a delightful advantage in a story that unfolds in rare corners of Athens that still maintain their old charm; not to mention the breathtaking Greek island of Alonissos. Fate Accompli is deliciously romantic, funny, sexy, and utterly believable. I found all the characters to be incredibly lifelike, tangible, as if they were people I knew in real life; real Athenians like me, living next door. MM Jaye knows her city well, its people, and the workings of the business world. This comes across very vividly and gives her novel the stamp of truth that is hard to resist, even if this genre is not someone’s favorite.I’ve read a fair share of women’s fiction and I find this book to be one of the best I’ve read in this genre. It has it all; romance, humor and a satisfactory ending, which MM Jaye delivers with incredible mastery. The secrecy, the guessing game, the sweetness of the romance and the sexual tension between the two main characters are tantalizing elements that had me hooked to the last page. Highly recommended! If you enjoy women’s fiction, this is an author to keep an eye on! Already looking forward to the next book in the series.
I loved this book! Rachel felt so real to me and I empathized as I read about all the quirky Greeks she encountered. Among all the locals mentioned, the young students seemed the most likable. Rachel's girlfriend ranges from incredibly rude to just loopy and although I howled to read her antics I didn't manage to warm up to her at all. The owner of the Greek school was one tough cookie but Rachel handled her wonderfully, I thought. By the end of the book, I found myself admiring Rachel, not only for managing to live alone in a tiny, basic flat while co-existing with a series of awkward foreigners and showing incredible stoicism, but also for the way she bloomed through the experience, finding strength in herself enough to stand up to her horrid, judgmental sister back home. Well done Rachel! I highly recommend this delightful book for its insights into the Greek way of life from a foreigner's perspective, especially as it contains very interesting facts on modern Greek history. I look forward to the next book in the series.
A book of great tips and insights!Having devoured self-help, motivational and esoteric philosophy books for the last 30 years, and as it takes one to know one, reading this book made it evident first of all that the author is very widely read. Her advice is solid, wise, and her tips will indeed prove very helpful to anyone trying to find peace in today’s chaotic world.Karra uses direct speech and jargon-free language to address her reader. She takes a little step at a time to introduce them to the power of thought, the incredible powers of the mind itself, and the tools available for relaxation, self-awareness and self-empowerment. This is a wonderful guide that would serve as an excellent way to start for anyone who does not have much knowledge on the aforementioned subjects. However, this is not a detailed account of any subject in particular, and I presume this was the author’s purpose, to speak a little about everything in this volume, rather than get into details about universal laws, the powers of the subconscious mind etc. The only downside to this approach is that to me, the read felt rather exhilarating because the subject kept changing, and so, at the end of the book, it felt like a lot had been said but nothing in depth.For that reason, I’d love to see future books from this author where perhaps she would elaborate on specific subjects. Also, I’d advise to add book titles for further reading in the back matter of the book or at the end of each chapter. This way, the reader could have a handy recommendation on any aspect of self-improvement that they wish to explore further.All in all, a great introduction to cosmic laws, the powers of positive thinking, mind control, and the like. I would recommend it to anyone interested to explore these areas.Note: I was offered a free copy by the author in return for an honest review.
The spaceship Pearseus carries a motley crew of distinguished humans as a new millennium dawns but what starts as a celebration of human accomplishment, ends in tragedy. Thanks to a madman, First Mate Gerard Croix, precious lives are lost and Pearseus suffers irreparable damage. The humans find refuge on another planet where thankfully, the inhabitants are tolerant and peaceful folk. We are then taken eighteen years into the future. The humans seem blissful in their current setup. They have created a new world that is seemingly peaceful. Their political system has divided authority among lawmakers, judges and commander Kibwe who held the executive power but has recently passed away. Enter the madman again, Croix, who has been plotting for a while, having just introduced to the people the Armbands – a law enforcement group of youngsters that reminded me of Nazi Germany. Croix’s devious plans included also the confiscation of the people’s digital files from earth – the only source of their knowledge and their cultural legacy to their children. Again, this brought to mind the burning of books in Nazi Germany and other practices that became an insult at the time to the freedom of speech and logical thinking.As the madman hears voices in his head that urge him to seek ultimate power, tragedy ensues once again and the story ends with a big shocking bang that leaves plenty of food for thought. By the last page, Nicholas Rossis has set the perfect foundation for his dark Sci-Fi series that will undoubtedly gain a lot of fans, mainly because of its unique qualities. For one, it is not the run of the mill Sci-Fi story. It feels more like a familiar tale of political unrest here on mother earth, simply because the people never changed on this new planet, despite the radical alterations in terms of environment and circumstances. The author here reminds us, above all else, this simple truth about humanity: No matter how much we may evolve in terms of education, technology and the like, on any given society, you will surely meet the selfless hero but sadly also the plotting, power-thirsty madman who will stop at nothing to gain control.This dark and raw, yet refreshing in its originality novella, has whetted my appetite beyond description for what follows next. The author has cleverly given us a couple of hints and mysteries to ponder upon. I am hooked and can’t wait to read The Rise of The Prince to find out more!
One Heart for Two makes the perfect gift for mothers and sons. Illustrated beautifully in pastel blue hues, this book follows the mother’s perspective as the little boy grows, experiencing fear and upset, the typical kind in every small child’s life. Later, comes the mother’s pride over her child’s academic/professional achievements and, ultimately, when he becomes a father himself.I know of no better books that speak of the cycle of family life better than this series by Marina Gioti. Whether you’re a mother, a father, a daughter, or a son, this inspiring author will speak to you about family love, straight from the heart. All the books in this series are highly moving, and I highly recommend them if you’re looking for that special gift for a birthday, a special day, or for Mother’s/Father’s Day.
This particular novel is undeniably best read around Christmas and I was lucky that it landed in my hands around that specific time. The main character is Samantha, a teenage girl who experiences pain and frustration because of problems at home with her parents and especially with her dad. When she falls pregnant, she leaves home to avoid the anticipated severity of her father’s wrath. What follows is what is usually portrayed in all our favorite Christmas stories: a delightful Christmas miracle. Nikki Anne Schmutz tells her heart-warming story of lost hope and redeemed love with the utmost sensitivity and wonder, as if it has been wholly seen through the eyes of an innocent child. There is absolutely no ugliness in this story, despite the many hardships that Samantha faces while living on the streets until she is rescued by the kindness of strangers. What’s more, the streak of astounding serendipity that brings her to their door involves nothing short of a miracle from God. Instead of describing in detail Samantha’s bleak problems before she is rescued, the author rather seems to concentrate on the new lessons that Samantha learns as she watches her life slowly transform before her eyes. This magical tale of pain and joy, loss and retrieval, unfolds smoothly and effortlessly. It takes form like a jigsaw puzzle in the hands of an experienced user who knows as if by instinct what goes where and precisely in which order. One of the things that the reader will readily observe is that the author has quite a strong faith in God. Nikki Anne Schmutz highlights the book with her Christian beliefs to the point that perhaps she renders it unusable to anyone who wouldn’t be in agreement. Faith in God is the backbone of this story and so, I think it will appeal best to people who would agree that indeed, there is a great power that connects us all and sees to our comfort and guidance. Believers will find this book extremely inspiring. It is peppered with pearls of wisdom and I expect that it will also provide a good measure of solace to any people facing similar circumstances in their lives. The characters are all believable and in particular, I found the kindly priest’s wife, Marion, to be such a lifelike character that I still have trouble picturing her in my mind without thinking of my dear mother-in-law who is a minister’s widow. The way Marion speaks, her quiet and peaceful manner and even the love that she conveys with her words and actions render her quite realistic and very familiar to me. The story comes to a satisfying end with its main characters altered in many ways, some of them more than others but by the end, they all share the same realization: that if only we allow the hand of the Devine to touch our hearts, miracles will start to happen that will change our lives forever. If this is not a Christmas message, I don’t know what is! “Found” is a reminder that prayer can change lives and that when all hope seems lost, this is the time to expect the most important changes in and around us. Sometimes, the greatest problems that we face are blessings in disguise, things that without them, we’d never evolve or heal. I believe that this is the essence of this book and for this reason, in a nutshell, I class it as the perfect Christmas read.
I loved this boxset and believe it’s really good value for money as it contains no less than three novels – and they were so amazing I couldn’t pick a favorite! Sefer surely can spin a yarn, taking her readers on a wonderful ride. The common characteristics in these novels are guilty secrets, lust, danger and heartache as well as the stunning Greek locations where the stories unfold. Having said that, each novel stands out in memory uniquely and is equal in merit. I am really amazed at Sefer’s seemingly inexhaustible capacity to create stories that are simply unputdownable! I recommend this boxset to anyone who misses Greece since their last holiday there. It will certainly transport them there in no time. If you love lustful romance that conquers all and is fraught with danger, look no further! (I received a free copy and chose voluntarily to review it.)
Another heart-rending story by this masterful writer.Oh my. Talk about serendipity coming to the rescue. This book landed on my hands a couple of months after my mother was diagnosed with a brain tumor (metastatic cancer). My family life changed overnight because of the scary new symptoms involved. And then, this book came, and it spoke to my scarred psyche to provide comfort like no other book could ever have.This is the latest gem by Kostas Krommydas and it's now one of my favourites by this author. The heroine, Ismene, finds out she has brain cancer on her wedding day. You would naturally think that such a premise would make for an original, yet depressing story, but, strangely enough, A Tuscan Night is an incredibly uplifting story of a woman who defies the threat of death, throws caution to the wind and sets off to an adventure, knowing fully well this could be her last.Ismene makes new friends in Tuscany, samples divine food and wine in idyllic Mediterranean settings, and meets the perfect man in the face of a charming, wandering musician...Who says that someone with such a terrible disease on their hands should give up on life? So many stop living the day they hear the word 'cancer' from the lips of their doctors. But not Ismene; In her case, this was where the best part of her life began...The story of this remarkably brave woman has touched me deeply, and not only because of my mother's illness. It has reminded me that no matter the difficulty, we always have the choice of how to react, how to feel and behave. Ismene made the perfect choice, in my eyes.Mr Krommydas has gone and done it again, offering his readers another masterfully written, heart-wrenching tale and tons of inspiration. Highly recommended.
I am a big fan of this series and this latest installment didn't disappoint. It had the usual wicked humor and intrigue that always have me reading greedily. My only 'grievance' with it, if I can call it that, is that I missed Pineapple Port in it! Still, it was refreshing to have the characters in a totally different world acting like tourists. Of course, it turned out to be a holiday from hell. Body parts were found here and there, and the author kept me guessing. I was led down the wrong avenue once or twice but didn't feel cheated. It was all done very cleverly and I loved how it all made sense right at the end! The snake bus was the highlight of the story. Highly recommended! (I received a free copy and chose voluntarily to review it)
A compelling story beautifully told.This is the first book I've read by this author and I've enjoyed it immensely. It is not often that a non-Greek author manages to capture the Greek psyche - as well as life in Greek villages - with such a great measure of authenticity and I was really impressed by that. The heroine, Eve, faces a huge shock to discover that she has ancestry in Greece she never knew of. As a reader I found myself following her eagerly and excitedly along her journey through uncharted territory, both in a mental and physical sense, to find the truth about who she is. I found the style of writing compelling, with just the right measure of descriptions, and it certainly motivated me to keep turning the pages. I highly recommend this book for its beautiful story, the delightful way in which old secrets are revealed, but most of all for the feeling it gave me of actually being there and witnessing it all first hand - a precious talent that this author surely possesses. I received a free copy of this book and chose voluntarily to review it.
A short and sweet tale of mystery.I loved the mystery element in this story, quite delicious, and enjoyed the magical short ride. Emphasis on the short, because it finished much too early, leaving me quite thirsty for more. I hope the author decides to write a longer sequel on this. There's so much to elaborate on and I'll definitely be on the lookout for it. Summing up, quite a pleasant read, more of this please!
A tender tale that will inspire children and adults alike.When a friend of mine reviewed this book online, I felt immediately drawn to it and not just because I love dogs. I also have family connections with Corfu and love the picturesque setting of the Old Venetian fortress in Corfu town where this book is set. My grandfather was stationed in the very fortress during the war as a young soldier, and I have fond memories of him showing me around the fortress in his twilight years. When I started reading the book, I was delighted to find out that the story is told from the dog’s perspective. What a lovely idea! I found the narrative fresh and delightful as a result. This is a story about a very clever dog and a particularly withdrawn, anxious little boy who happens to be the dog owner’s grandchild. The boy arrives with his mother in Corfu from the States to visit his granddad during the summer. Having no self-confidence with his soccer skills, the boy refuses initially to play with the local boys, despite being constantly prompted. However, thanks to his loving, gently guiding grandfather and his adorable pet, Leonidas, the boy gradually regains his lost confidence as he makes new friends. I found the story particularly tender and would recommend it highly. Predominantly, this is a book that will inspire children to love and respect animals as well as to believe in themselves.
A spell-binding Christmas tale!Christy is a hospital nurse who volunteers to help Aaron give his little girl, Izzie, the perfect Christmas at home. Izzie suffers from leukemia so Christy feels compelled to work with Aaron--a widower for the past two years--as they try to tick off every item on Izzie's Christmas list. This story tugs at the heartstrings, as one would expect, and Donna Fasano's masterful pen does it with a mixture of drama and lightheartedness that allows you to keep reading without feeling heartbroken all the time. It is a dramatic theme, after all, and the two adults seem to be living their sweet romance almost guiltily considering the tragedy unfolding. Still, the romance is what gives Christy and Aaron the strength to carry on, little Izzie being the glue that binds them together. If you're looking for a Christmas book that will stay in your memory, this one is the perfect, short read and won't disappoint. Grab a hankie and lose yourself in this heart-stopping, spell-binding Christmas tale.
An unforgettable read full of love and beauty.I am Greek and always interested in the way my country and its culture are perceived by foreign visitors. As a result, over the years, I've read many memoirs by British writers about the Greek experience. Octopus in my Ouzo is now one of my favorites. I've never read anything set on Tilos before, or on any other among the remote islands of Greece for that matter. The insights I've gained from this book are precious to me. I've been hearing all my life about the difficulties the native islanders face in places like Tilos but never had I imagined the magnitude of the hardship involved in all facets of their life - be it, when someone needs medical attention, or their car needs servicing or even when they crave, like we all do, a specific kind of food or delicacy. At some point in the book, the author's partner picks up a chocolate bar from town to treat her - things that are trivial for the rest of us, but for them they must make a significant difference in their every day lives. I was particularly impressed to read that - a precious detail in the book. Reading this memoir made me sympathize with the adorable Greek people portrayed in the book, and especially with the author who, being an outsider, kept experiencing one culture shock after another. I am married to a Brit and I know a thing or two about culture shock. I sympathized throughout with the author and her partner for this reason. The one element in the story-telling that resonated with me the most, was the upset the author experienced over and over again on a certain aspect of her life there. I won't say more on that as I hate spoilers as much as the next person, but I'll say I've also experienced this kind of upset. Reading about it meant I could feel the author's pain. It was the most palpable feeling conveyed among all the ones rising in me as I read this book, and that's saying a lot because the descriptions by this author are phenomenal, and the intense feelings just kept coming! Her accounts of the scary, adverse weather during winter were chilling, and the beauty that surrounded her became real in my heart, causing it to swell from time to time. Jennifer Barclay has a unique gift in experiencing love and beauty and sharing it with the world. She certainly touched me through the pages. An unforgettable read! I also think she's a bit of a superwoman, living fearlessly all alone in the wilderness - something I could never do, although I fully understand the merits of such a monastic, solitary existence. The delicious recipes she shares in the book by combining fresh, wholesome local ingredients were an extra bonus! (I received a free copy of the book in return for my honest review)
The story of Eddie's mother and the sisters Blythe was intriguing, mesmerizing. I delved into this magical tale, body and soul and never wanted to leave it. The descriptions were so vivid, I felt like I experienced it all for myself. After The Forgotten Garden, Kate Morton created a second masterpiece and this is it. If you want to immerse yourself in another world, in a bygone era, and completely lose yourself there, then this is it. This is the joy of reading at its best. Highly recommended!
I love historical fiction set in Greece and Asia Minor, and this book was not just a fine specimen in my opinion, but one of the best and most memorable books I've ever read in this genre. If you loved 'Birds Without Wings' by Louis de Bernières, this is unmissable! I was amazed by the intricate detail in the author's descriptions of all different eras and places. I can only imagine the kind of thorough research this feat must have taken. The story was both compelling and enchanting, and I particularly enjoyed the parts in Smyrna and Constantinople. The atrocities of war chilled my blood and the drama the main characters were constantly faced with was heart-wrenching. By the end of the book I felt overwhelmed by the journey and also felt that I'd been given a wonderful gift: the chance to experience in vivid detail life in Constantinople and Smyrna during precious times for Hellenism that came to pass long before I was born. It was therefore enthralling for me to experience all that so vividly. For example, I could almost feel the sea spray on my face as the characters walked along the Smyrna seafront! This is a truly unforgettable book and I urge all lovers of historical fiction to read it. Gauci's story still stays with me vividly, and it's been over a week since I finished it. Well done, to this amazing author with a uniquely lyrical style. I can't wait to read her next book already! (I received a free copy and chose voluntarily to review it).
A delightful anthology of sci-fi magic!The Power of Six amazed me. Being a sci-fi fan, I’ve read a multitude of short stories from the masters of the genre, like Philip K. Dick and Brian Aldiss and I was dumbfounded by the similarities in places. For example, “Simulation Over” might as well have been written by either of the aforementioned sci-fi geniuses! Nicholas Rossis engages the reader with unexpected twists and turns, life-like characters and endings that give you quite a jolt! It is hard to pick favorites as each story was unique and equally entertaining but I must say that I particularly enjoyed “The Sentry”. I found it utterly delightful and brilliant! I’ve read the first two books of this author’s Pearseus series and so, I was confident that I’d picked up a book that was bound to demonstrate excellence of both thought and language. Yet, nothing could have prepared me for the originality and the surprise factor in some of these stories. My only grievance with the Power of Six is its size! I would have preferred it to be called The Power of 10 or even 20 - but maybe next time! I’m really looking forward to reading more of this genre from this author! Nicholas Rossis has truly excelled with this book and his talent for the particular genre just shines through.
This is not my usual cup of tea, but I knew Colleen Chesebro's excellent work as a blogger for a couple years and was curious about her debut novel. I am glad I decided to read it! This was a wonderful fairy tale, and in terms of the protagonist’s social relations, it was also a sweet, utterly believable YA novel that really tugged at my heartstrings. I loved Abigale's relationship with her aunt in particular - it was terribly moving in places and the author's vivid descriptions and excellent prose made it so lifelike for me, as if it all took place before my eyes. It was all very human, very easy to relate to, what they had to go through as they got to know and trust each other, and I loved this in the story more than anything else. Abigale's relations with the local youngsters and the horse racing were a delight to explore and, of course, I found the fairies enchanting! I expect young teenage girls will most certainly lap up the whimsical fantasy elements in this story. The antagonist is a scary villain that I believe bordered on madness. His malice balances out perfectly the sweetness and innocence that surrounds Abigale in her world, other than that. I am really surprised this is a debut novel! It's very well-structured and told beautifully, a real feat for an emerging author. I am already looking forward to the next installment in this delightful tale! (I received a free copy and chose voluntarily to review it.)
One Heart for You is a beautifully illustrated book that makes the perfect gift for fathers and their daughters. The prose is just as heart-rending as the illustrations, following the life of a little girl as she grows, and exploring that special bond between father and daughter throughout the milestones of the girl’s life… Among them, her college successes and, of course, that special time when she gets married and becomes a parent herself. This is a stunning short read illustrated throughout in suitable pink hues… This is a gem of heartfelt prose to be read again and again… Both the words and the images are incredibly moving, tugging at the heartstrings. If you’re looking for that unique gift to make a special day memorable, look no further. This. Is. It.
A delightful, quaint portrayal of rural life in Greece!I absolutely loved this book! It’s a delightful, humorous account of life in rural Greece, as it’s perceived through the eyes of two Scots who decide to spend a year in a Peloponesian village. I got to love all the quaint characters described in this book. My personal favourite was Foteini who’s been portrayed with such tremendous sensitivity that it was impossible not to love her like a family member by the end of the book.What can I say about Wallace, the dog? The author recounts so many hilarious antics that it seems that a great part of the merit in this book is owed to this adorable pet alone. I laughed outloud to read about his infamous bathroom trick and also his obsession with eating chicken. I don’t think I’ll ever see a backpack again without thinking of chicken sandwiches!Marjory McGinn has written a book that brims over with love for Greece and the Greek language. It is evident in so many ways, like the way she sides with the locals when the British expats attempt to trash them, the way she allows for the quirkiness of the Greeks, the respect with which she regards unfathomable local customs and acts, and last but not least, in the way she keeps quoting the equivalent Greek word, so often, quite needlessly. But she obviously does this not in an attempt to show off her rich Greek vocabulary. It is crystal clear that she does it only with love, extending to the reader an invitation to share in her affinity for the language itself. This particular point made me choke with appreciation. I found it so incredibly sweet. Also, I found all the examples of her mistakes in Greek terribly hilarious. It made me think how many Greek words can sound almost the same to the untrained, foreign ear. I cringed to think how embarrassing it must have been for her to be teased so much by the locals!I’ve read numerous books by British authors who’ve recorded their experiences with fixing up the odd dilapidated house in various parts of Greece. All the accounts managed to irritate me, both with their arrogance and intolerance towards the Greek way of life, as well as with the many inaccuracies their stories included. Thankfully, this book was a breath of fresh air. It caused in me zero offence and zero annoyance. Being the competent, talented journalist that she is, Marjory McGinn sticks to the facts and gives objectively a delightful account of the locals and their antics without passing judgment or even implying that they are less civilized or knowledgable than herself.But it wasn’t just life in the village that was a pleasure to read about. There were also numerous historical references that I found utterly interesting. Whichever part of Greece the author mentions traveling to with her husband and adorable pet, she offers a thorough account of the local history, myths or legends. Unlike all the other books of the sort that I’ve read, again, this book stands out for this fact too, showing that the author had to research heavily for the book. Her trouble to do that betrays her love for my country and its history, which again I found myself appreciating immensely.All in all, this is the best book of its kind that I’ve ever read. It had it all: humour, wit, interesting facts, and a good measure of sentiment. Marjory McGinn is a truly talented author and I’m really looking forward to a sequel!
Delightful and memorable!I read this book without having read the first volume first, and I was concerned it wouldn't make much sense to me, as a result. However, it turned out it can be read as a standalone, and I have enjoyed it immensely. Amy Vansant's humor is wicked and her characters' dialogue had me howling all the time. There is a series of strange creatures in the book, both angelic and human, and all of them added fascination and enthusiasm to my reading experience. There is hilarity, but also shocking cruelty in the interactions between this motley crew of characters, but it all works remarkably well to make up a story that stays with you and leaves you thirsty for more. I was astounded by how much I enjoyed this book, because I don't normally enjoy stories containing dark characters or violence, but somehow the author found the perfect balance as to not let this bother even someone like me. This book has made me a fan of Amy Vansant's work, and I intend to read more from this author.
A well-written fantasy & Sci-Fi adventure for YA First impressions were excellent with this book. I got hooked from the very first pages and loved the prose too – the teenage characters sounded like every day people although they were supposed to be living on another planet. I also found it to be delightfully Harry Potter-ish, in the sense that there were magical elements in the plot and the youngsters came together in an academy where they experienced obscure and supernatural situations.The characters were also amazingly vivid; Teresa Carlson has a rare gift for description and prose. Nothing felt awkward or rushed where it came to these elements. Personally, I found the plot rather confusing and a bit strange for my liking as the story progressed, but this is just down to my personal preferences. Having said that, I fully appreciated the originality of the story and the solidity of the plot. This is why, although this book wasn't really my cup of tea, I'm giving it a well-deserved four-star rating.I am confident that this book will excite and delight young adult readers in general, as well as big fans of Sci-Fi and Fantasy.
Having read the first two books in the series, I've been anticipating this volume with a lot of excitement and it was just as wonderful as I expected it to be. This was an epic finale to the series, with Areenna and Mikaal leading an army of Navaens for the last battle against Evil. As usual, the magical powers and the sweet love between the protagonists kept fueling my interest as I turned the pages. There was a wonderful array of secondary characters, and the ending was simply perfect. I recommend this highly to lovers of fantasy and sorcery - a truly sensational read! I received this book as a gift in exchange for an honest review.
Heart-rending romance and a forest of astounding beautyAriadne operates a guest house on a Greek mountain village surrounded by magnificent forestland. One cold wintry night of below zero temperatures, Antonis, a stranger to her, saves her from a freezing lake. Later that night, as she recuperates in Antonis's guest house, she starts to feel a deep connection to him, but as he is married, she does not encourage the feeling. Soon, as one would expect, he leaves her life anew, as swiftly as he had appeared. Years later, he appears at her guest house out of the blue, now divorced, and the same deep feeling of connection reemerges in Ariadne's heart... This time, it seems the feeling is reciprocated, and Ariadne soon finds herself sharing her deep love for her part of the world with him. With the company of her beloved dog, who doesn't need any encouragement to follow her into the woods, Ariadne takes Antonis down her favourite forest paths, and the beauty of nature renders him enchanted. Together, they eat juicy fruit from the trees, and then wander into other places in the forest, less wholesome ones that hide mortal danger in the shape of a roaming pack of wolves... Yet, it seems the wolves hold more nobility and higher values than the men who, without regard, enter the forest one day, about to change Ariadne's life forever...This highly dramatic romance will remain forever indelible on my mind, as well as the plethora of images of the forest... The descriptions took me there effortlessly, and I felt like I was walking beside Ariadne and Antonis. I saw the fervour in their eyes as their gazes met, I felt the cool of the river waters and of the shade provided by the dense foliage overhead. With every step these fully fledged characters made, I heard the soft cracking of twigs underfoot as I mentally followed. And, all the while, the forest seemed to come alive for me, and it felt like a character too, having a consciousness and a purpose of its own. All in all, this book was a magical experience and I urge you to try it. You will thank yourselves for giving this book a try. I believe that, upon reading this book, your heart will forever stay in part in that forest, and you'll want to visit the forestland of mainland Greece, high up in the mountains, for real. I know this book made me want to explore this part of my country more. Well done, Kostas Krommydas, for another riveting, heartrending read!
Masterful - couldn't put it down!Having enjoyed The Power of Six, Rossis's first short story collection, I was looking forward to reading Infinite Waters and it was well worth the wait. The same resourcefulness, the same wicked imagination has delighted me in this collection too. Twists and turns kept coming and I just couldn't put it down, so I wound up devouring this in just one sitting. If you're looking for a short story writer to become your next favorite, then Nicholas Rossis is the one. I am already looking forward to the next collection from his unique, masterful pen!
Delightful - felt like I was in New York!I thoroughly enjoyed this delightful Christmas romance set in New York. This city is one of the dream destinations in my bucket list and the book transported me there through all my senses. It captured the food and pop culture, the city ambiance, the cold weather, all the things I imagine would strike an outsider there on their first visit. I sympathized with Hayley who was so worried about telling her daughter about her father, and also with Oliver, whose family health issues had made him paranoid, thinking he was on death's door. It was all very human, very lifelike and it captured my heart. The 'Superman' and 'Lois' nicknames between the two protagonists were very sweet, and so was the whole interaction between them. The misunderstandings, their hang-ups... I lapped it all up. The only weak point - I don't think it was necessary to name locations at the start of every scene. But overall, this was an enjoyable, well-structured read, and I am looking forward to reading more from this author (I received a free copy of this book in return for an honest review).
This book started well and I thought I was in for a thrilling read but, once the heroine got on the boat, things started to change. My first grievance was that the characters on there were introduced in one go - seemingly over one evening - and I had trouble remembering who was who for a few of them. The story was focusing too much on the feeling of claustrophobia on the boat, so much so that the heroine's feeling of dread became the center of the story and I found myself feeling bored, especially as I didn't find myself caring about the heroine much. She was weak and paranoid, I thought, suspecting even the man on the boat that she used to date in the past, I thought that was too much. I started skimming through the pages halfway through the book without enjoying the read at all at that point, but only out of sheer curiosity to see who had done the murder and what the finale would be. The book has some good moments; as I stated earlier, the beginning was wonderful, and the heroine's goodbye scene with her boyfriend when she set off on her sea voyage was sensational. I also enjoyed the clever twist right at the end. And that's why I am giving it 2 stars, for these wonderful bits in it. I think the author has potential for better books in future, perhaps with better introduced characters and more excitement in the plot rather than this awful claustrophobia inside the heroine's head. I certainly will seek to read from this author again.
I loved this book for two different reasons. The first one is that it transported me effortlessly and swiftly to the Greek island of Corfu, my favorite corner of the world. The second is that Mandy Baggot kept me interested with her lifelike characters that were full of surprises. I loved the suspense in the beginning where you were given only hints of the characters' past. These sparse tidbits of information certainly kept me interested to keep reading as to find out more. There are both funny and dramatic elements in this summer read, which makes it anything but your normal chick-lit novel set on a Greek beach, but the story-telling was exquisite and I lapped it all up (I was given a free copy in return for my honest review).
An action-packed medieval romanceI am not a fan of this genre but this author came highly recommended by a friend so when I got a chance to acquire a copy of this book in return for a review, I seized the opportunity. I was impressed by the representation of the era and I believe the author did a great job there and obviously had to do a lot of research. Although K.M. Weiland has undoubtedly great writing skills (especially where descriptions and character development are concerned), I found some elements in this book were quite weak. The language for one; although I wouldn't expect it to be original for this era (for who would be able to read and comprehend it anyway even if the author could speak it!) there were some words that struck me as odd, such as Annan calling his servant 'Boyo' or 'Bucko". I also have the impression that 'Boyo' is a Welsh word while Annan is Scottish. The romance came across as quite soppy, in the style of a Harlequin romance which is okay if you are a fan of the genre but I didn't expect the relevant clichés in a historical novel. I did enjoy the camaraderie between Annan and his delightful servant, Marek who was by far the most likeable character in the book. Annan is clearly a man tortured by guilt over the sins of his past but I didn't manage to relate to him much. The object of his desire, Lady Mairead, was very likeable but the romance developed in a predictable way, without any surprises. Also, I found the many references to her lip getting stuck between her teeth quite annoying and if anything, not a sight I'd expect from a Lady.Summing up, a good read, especially for those who enjoy medieval adventures. Maybe this is because it's not my genre but other than the fun conversations between Annan and Marek, I found nothing else there that I deem memorable. Quite frankly, the mystery behind The Baptist and what happened in the past with the Bishop left me totally uninterested throughout. I doubt I'll try delving into another medieval adventure written by this author because of the aforementioned faults that personally put me off with this one. However, as K.M. Weiland struck me as a remarkable writer in many other respects, I will probably try another of her books sometime that depicts a different era and really hope to write a better review next time round.
An enthralling exotic tale of mortal danger and romance that will stay with you! When I was offered a chance to read an advanced reader's copy of this book, I was dubious. Cannibals? Surely, it will have graphic violence in it! Not for me, I thought. But I was assured this book is about anything but violence. I am so glad I decided to give this a go because, had I not, I would have missed an absolute gem of storytelling. In the 1830s, at the tender age of fourteen, John Rummel aches for adventure. One night, he runs away from home in New England and boards a south-Pacific-bound whaler as a member of the crew. Life on the ship is misery, though, as the captain is a very cruel man. John jumps ship and winds up a prisoner of the French, who occupy the Marquesas islands. Having made a precious new friend, he escapes from prison and winds up on another of the islands. There, he is introduced to a cannibal tribe, who befriend him. He spends many years living with them peacefully, learning their customs and their language and winds up having a romance with the seductive chief's daughter, Princess Marita. Marita's love is not nurturing him, though. It becomes a poison in his heart and it threatens his life and the life of the whole tribe. Adventure and danger follow him everywhere, it seems, especially as there is an enemy cannibal tribe who hate him and, given half the chance, will betray him to the French, who never stopped looking for him since he escaped... But John, reluctant to return home for his own reasons, has grown to love this land and stays on. In time, he imparts precious new knowledge to the natives of the various tribes on the islands, and also teaches them a lesson that saves lives: to help one another rather than make war for the slightest cause...This book is not about violence, nor does it contain graphic violence in the degree that one would expect of a book that has the word 'cannibal' in its title. It is really about a daring and intelligent man who, despite missing home, finds a new purpose living with savages and teaching them in ways that can help them without offending their own beliefs and customs. It's also the sad tale of his painful love for Marita. Truly, a marvellous book, and I am so glad I had the chance to read it. I miss its characters, and they stay on with me now, alive in my mind, days after ending the book. This is such a feat for this talented author! Her outstanding writing made every little detail of the tribes' villages and customs come alive in my mind's eye, as if I were on the Marquesas islands too. I hope this extraordinary tale winds up on TV or in the silver screen one day! I shall definitely read more from this author. Highly recommended!(I received a free advanced reader's copy of this book, and I made the decision to review it as to support this talented author, and to help other readers discover it.)
Reviewed By Susan Sewell for Readers’ Favorite:The Necklace of Goddess Athena: A New Adult supernatural mystery by Effrosyni Moschoudi is a fascinating story of time travel. Ksenia and her twelve-year-old brother, Manos, lost their parents eleven years ago. Phevos lives in ancient Athens with his sister, Daphne, and eleven years ago his mother had disappeared. One day Phevos and Daphne's father places Athena's necklace around his neck and he and his sister are caught in a vortex and spin away. Disoriented, they are dropped into a different location and era. Following the barking of their dog, Ksenia and Manos discover the two travelers in their orchard. Although Phevos is stunned from the fall, he manages to explain that he and his sister Daphne were traveling and had gotten lost. Uncharacteristically, Ksenia accepts this and gives them a place to stay. When they discover that they have their parents' disappearances in common, together the young people begin searching through time and find help from an unexpected source. Will they be able to reunite their families, even though time and place separate them?The Necklace of Goddess Athena: A New Adult Supernatural Mystery by Effrosyni Moschoudi is an intriguing fantasy epic similar to the Percy Jackson books. It is an excellent time-travel story, blending mythology and the present together. At first, I was slightly surprised at how Athena was portrayed. However, as the story progresses she becomes the goddess that I believed her to be. Also, I was impressed with how the author combined the two eras. I thought the way that Phevos' father introduced him and Daphne to present day living was clever. Because of their prior lessons, they didn't really have trouble adjusting to another time period. This book is a stunning masterpiece. Although this isn't the normal genre that I read, I have to say that it is so well-written that I couldn't put it down. It is a memorable story and I am so glad that I had the opportunity to read and review it. This is an amazing New Adult mystery that I highly recommend to those who have a penchant for time-travel.Source: https://readersfavorite.com/book-revi...
I loved this short romantic read by Angel Sefer. As usual it brims over with erotic passion, alluring Greek island descriptions and tantalizing mystery. It kept me interested to the very last page where, as this masterful author always manages to do, it delivered an utterly satisfying HEA. I couldn't think of a better cover to match this riveting romantic read for the lovers of this genre (I was offered a free copy and chose voluntarily to review it).
A hilarious page turner about Greek life!I have read a lot of books by British authors who moved to Greece or stayed there for long periods. All of these books tell the same kind of story basically… about finding an old home to work on and make a home of. All of the authors experienced endless strife dealing with the language barrier, the culture shock, and the monstrous Greek bureaucracy. Yet, funnily enough, not all these books provided the same reading enjoyment.Some were interesting, others not so much. Some were hilarious, others didn’t even manage to elicit a chuckle. And a few of them, sadly, put my country and its people in a bad light, highlighting the same bad traits repeatedly, and often blew them out of proportion in an attempt, obviously, to make a bad book with a poor story sound a little more interesting.But these are all the other books. Rob Johnson’s book, thank goodness, falls under a category of its own.This is why, for me, it is perfect in all respects. It is both interesting throughout and laugh-out-loud funny while recording life in Greece, its problems and infamous quirkiness, with the kind of exceptional tact and fine precision that makes for excellent journalism. This author doesn’t just know what material to put in; he is also prudent and insightful enough to know the kind of detail that needs to stay out to make his book just perfect.Indeed, this author, who possesses an unparalleled wit, has a refreshing writing style. You’ll find no nasty rants about the Greeks in this fine memoir, no exaggeration, and no criticism about the Greek way of life. This is an enjoyable read that will take you by the hand and show you the unknown, quaint, quirky world the author and his wife have delved into, and you will live it with all your senses, as if you were there.Very descriptive writing from an author who can deliver a line and can make every chapter just as delightful as the previous one. This book will have you turning the pages hungrily while laughing like a drain. If you enjoy books on Greek life and especially if you are contemplating taking the same plunge as the author did to make a new start in life in your Greek paradise, then this fabulous memoir is a must!
I loved this book, what an epic! The battle scenes especially were exhilarating, they took my breath away. I couldn’t read those fast enough. I loved this new adventure for Areena and Mikaal, and the new set of characters introduced in this volume. They made for a more complex story with a lot of action and constant twists and turns that kept me turning the pages thirstily. The author set the bar very high for the third book in the series! Still, I have no doubt he will deliver it with true mastery. This book was a rare treat, and a unique escape to a magical world. I am already looking forward to devouring the next installment.
Wow, this was such an unputdownable book! And the dialogue so clever. I loved the interrogations especially. They made me feel really absorbed to the story and the mystery of it all. The detectives asked the exact questions I wanted to ask, LOL. So I felt like I was there in the room, participating. It was such a complex mystery, but so easy to follow, the questions every twist raised filling up my head, deliciously tickling my curiosity, spurring me to keep turning the pages for more.As for the romance, it was so intriguing, all the way to the final, delicious climax of it, and I really cared for these two characters. Heck, I even cared for some of the bad ones in the story!Honestly, this was such a compelling read, definitely one to remember. The characters will stay with you long after you've finished reading. I wish there was a sequel to these adorable lovebirds.I must say, I thought I was blown away by Dare Game, but the author just raised the bar even higher :)Highly recommended!
A delightful chick-lit read that brims over with love for Greece.Ava Martin leaves New York to start a new life with her husband in Athens, Greece. She settles well in this unknown world, learning the language and the eccentricities of life in the Greek capital while making new precious friends. It all looks like a fairy tale except disaster strikes when she least expects it. Her husband leaves their apartment out of the blue, announcing he wants a divorce. Ava is devastated but also torn. Should she head back home to her mother and try to pick up the pieces of her former life in New York or stay in this foreign city that she’s come to love so much? Aided by her two closest Greek friends, she decides to stay for a while and give this new life a chance. With their support she does well, getting a job as a nanny while sampling the nightlife and the flirting habits of the Greek single male. When she winds up in Mykonos on a short break, the spitting image of George Clooney storms into her life to overwhelm her and her fragile emotional state even more. I found this book to be an absolute delight. Full of hilarious episodes and peppered with humorous quips throughout, it makes a typical chick-lit read in this respect. But this book is not just about laughs. It tackles the sensitive issue of abandonment by a parent at a tender age, as well as the themes of heartache, forgiveness and new-found strength. All in all, this book is a gem and I’d recommend it highly to anyone who enjoys women’s fiction, and also wishes to open their eyes to a faraway world. Marissa Tejada does a remarkable job describing life in the city of Athens, as well the beauty of the Greek landscape; not just on the islands but also in the surrounding areas of the city. I found it incredibly sweet that the author chose to include in the book a staggering amount of Greek phrases. Most of them are quoted needlessly which serves to indicate the author’s love for the language and the Greek people. Over the years, I’ve read a large amount of books written about Greece by non-Greeks. In their vast majority, they’ve been quite critical and at times, hugely unfair. This book makes a lovely change and is one of very few that has managed to speak honestly about the weaknesses of life in Greece without pointing the finger or criticizing. That coupled with the heavy quotation of Greek sentences as I mentioned earlier, makes this a book that predominantly expresses a genuine love for my country, hence promoting in a way, Greece and its culture. I’m already looking forward to this author’s next book. Marissa Tejada is definitely one to look out for!
Fabulous. Where is the choice for 6 or even 7 stars when you need one? Many authors try to write a thriller but few manage to create such a lifelike heroine/narrator that will lay down the cliffhangers and the guessing game tidbits like a breadcrumb trail you can only feel compelled to follow, gobbling down every morsel you pick up with relish. This book has made me a big fan of thriller books! No more words necessary. Just pick this up and have the reading adventure of your life.
Jenna is unhappy in her marriage to say the least. She is dreaming of a family but it seems her husband Greg is unwilling to become a father. Frustrated and unsure about the future of their relationship, she books a Greek holiday on a whim and boards the flight without a word to her husband. While he stays behind confused and remorseful, Jenna embarks on an exhilarating new adventure that initially involves delightful sightseeing and her favorite pastime of people watching. The fellow tourists in her group become an ideal object for hilarious observation. Her holiday is worry-free and lighthearted until a tiny, yet precious urn lands on her hands to complicate life for her especially after the inevitable Greek Adonis makes his grand entrance. The author only hints on the fact that this is not your average holiday love story by referring to her novel as a mystery romance however, what lurks between the front and back cover is much more sinister than that. What we have here is a proper crime story with a ruthless criminal on the loose, a ring of antiquity smugglers, a police detective sniffing on their tracks and even a baffling murder to have readers gasp in shock, rendering them unwilling to put the book down. There is even a tiny paranormal twist, just to pepper the whole thing with the right amount of pixie dust. Not that the story is in particular need of magic – it would be preposterous to even suggest that with an enchanted Greek island being the backdrop of this whimsical story, transporting the reader right in the middle of it all with tantalizing descriptions of exotic Greek dishes, the murmur of the sparkling sea and the caressing sunlight on the characters’ blissful faces.I found the plot quite an intricate puzzle that involves a parade of minor characters who come and go without always contributing much to the story but are rather there to provide a fully clear insight into everyday life on a Greek island. Being a Greek myself I can vouch for the clarity of the conveyed feelings and for the genuine way in which everything has been described throughout based on my own experiences. Furthermore, the author’s occasional reference to the Greek quirkiness related to the evil eye as well as our obsession with offering food and drink generously to guests, made me chuckle repeatedly with a mixture of amusement and pride.Having relayed all the wonderful points that I found in the story, there is only one side to it that I wish I could change. I wonder if the author became so engrossed in her own intriguing story that perhaps it evaded her to be more clear on certain parts unless of course this was intended for her own reasons. Maybe it is just a personal preference of mine but I do like to end a book with all my questions fully answered. However in this case, there are a couple of gray areas that are left up to the reader to decide and ponder on. I am sure there are many people out there who would love that. As I said, I am guessing it is a matter of preference and as the book left me with a tiny feeling of dissatisfaction for this reason, I am giving it a score of 4 stars instead of 5. Having said that, for the intelligence and complexity of the plot, for the believability of characters and situations, for the overall chuckles involved and for the surprise elements that continuously kept me on my feet, the book deserves to pass in all other respects with flying colors.
A thrilling adventure with one hell of a detective!I was hooked to this book from the very first page. This is a fast-paced thriller and quite a page-turner that has enhanced my reading pleasure but diminished my sleep time as I just couldn’t put it down. Detective Quinn was by far my favorite character, who was deliciously cute by being tough, but only on the outside. The book comprised of a long list of lifelike characters that stayed with me, the main villain being particularly disturbing. I loved delving into the world of nanotechnology and found it all overwhelming and fascinating. This is a well-written book that can easily stand side by side, being of equal quality, with the high-octane thrillers written by largely celebrated authors of the genre. It is very seldom that I read a book of such a high ‘wow’ factor. Highly recommended!
A sweet period romance with the intrigue of a whodunit!S.R. Mallery writes exquisite historical fiction because she has the unique gift to transport you through time with her writing. This is the third book I've now read by this writer and it's my favorite so far. I love old black-and-white movies and the whole old-Hollywood scene, so I picked up the book knowing I was bound to enjoy it. It did turn out to be an absolute delight, but also, even more than I expected. Not only does it depict the world of Hollywood in its heyday masterfully, with legendary stars the likes of Valentino and Swanson even making short appearances in it, but it also serves as a proper virtual journey back to this era... The best vehicle to this effect is the language. I relished the dialogue more than anything else, remembering phrases I had last heard years ago when I last binged on James Stewart, Humphrey Bogart, and James Cagney movies. Reading this book equals a total immersion into the 1920s era - you see people and hear them talk inside your mind in full technicolor and it feels incredibly real. Rosie is a sweet heroine, who loves being around her pets more than she enjoys acting, it seems. I enjoyed her sweet romance with her devoted boyfriend Eddie, and found her relationship with her mother incredibly real, their situation so human and believable. Rosie's tender story revolves around the axis of a mysterious murder, which makes this novel a period sweet romance sprinkled with the intriguing elements of a whodunit. If you enjoy either genre, this book is a must! I devoured it from cover to cover. A true gem.
This book was a wonderful surprise. Before picking it up, I had already read two other books by Kostas Krommydas. I'd loved them both, finding the common threads of tragic love and twists of fate utterly compelling. Athora's storyline is equally riveting and heartrending but in different ways and truly stands out among this author's other novels.From the first few pages of Athora, I was drawn in and couldn't put it down. This is a full-blown murder mystery and one of the best I've ever read. Being highly reminiscent of Dan Brown's world-famous bestsellers, truly, the only difference was the setting - a tiny Greek island in this case. Non-stop action and intrigue kept me turning the pages insatiably, down to the reveal of the killer at the very end. The brutal murder scenes are chilling and quite masterful. But even more so than the murders, it was the unprecedented storm that plagued the tiny island of Athora that set the mood for me and swept me away as I read.Highly descriptive writing from an author who seems to own a magic magnifying glass that allows him to look deep into the psyche of his characters. Being lifelike beyond measure, I had trouble keeping them away from my thoughts for a few days after finishing the book. Whether you like murder mysteries or Greek island reads, this is a must and, most likely, your next favorite read!
Mysterious, enthralling and utterly satisfying!Oh my! Having read and enjoyed Cave of Silence by this fine author I started reading Dominion of the Moon expecting a good read and the same sort of book, but I've experienced so much more! Highly mystical and mysterious, this book had me riveted from the first few pages. My father hails from the Greek island of Limnos and I've visited the Kaviria archeological site there - it's similar to the one described in the book at Samothraki where Kavirian Mysteries were also said to be held in antiquity. Therefore, being already familiar with these dark ancient gods, I was fascinated by the story of the cult and its secret gatherings, and felt totally immersed in it. The romance was sweet and tender, both in the case of the tragic archeologist and his grandson all those years later. Tragedy and hardship struck the former repeatedly in his life and I followed it all with a broken heart. I felt so close to this character and ached for the catharsis in the end that would see the members of the cult paying for their evil deeds. The ending, as painful as it was for some of the characters, was utterly satisfying. I highly recommend this fresh, original story. The emotions it stirred in me as I read ebbed and flowed in my heart like the tide, exploding at times like a raging storm, similarly to that very special scene in the book. The island of Samothraki comes alive through the pages, making me want to visit it at first opportunity. The love of Kostas Krommydas for this island is palpable and utterly magnetic.
A highly spiritual memoir that will inspire and amaze!I rarely read memoirs but this book drew me like a magnet. I’m one of those people who believe in the power of serendipity and as such, I often feel that sometimes a book will choose me and not the other way round. As it happens, this amazing memoir landed on my hands at a time when I needed it most, when my brain felt fried from over-working and from lack of free time to just be, reflect on my life and where it’s going.From the word go, I found common ground with the author’s account of her childhood as I also felt uncomfortable at home as a child, owed to a very critical and strict parent. Marsha’s account of reconciliation with her mother later in life as a result, really played at the heartstrings. However, this book goes a lot further than that and is not solely an account of mother-and-daughter problems. For me, the book simply took off once Masha introduced her husband Bob Rector in the book, and the difficulties they encountered on the financial front as a married couple. At some point, Marsha found herself at the start of a new career where she felt unsure on her feet and yet, owed to the strength in her heart and her unwavering faith, she succeeded remarkably.Teaming up with her husband Bob Rector, a gifted director and author, Marsha soon wound up in the Pentagon pitching a theatre show that could entertain the US troops around the world. Thanks to Marsha’s persuasion skills and personal charisma, the show, Letters From the Front, got to tour the world and the book tells some amazing, and very touching tales from this tour.I have to be honest here. Some of Marsha’s reflections that are recorded in places may strike some people as odd. The author is obviously highly spiritual and a strong believer in God and His amazing ways. In this sense, this book may be the wrong choice for an atheist or even an agnostic, however, I feel that even in this case this book will not offend as its accounts don’t preach about Jesus and generally do not read like a Christian book that shoves it all down your throat.I read this book exactly for what it is, and although I am not big on the Christian Church, I have a strong faith in God and so, enjoyed it immensely as a set of inspiring tales from the life of a very special person. Marsha Roberts sees life through the amazed eyes of a child and for that, she remains incredibly blessed. Only a child will expect results with a faith that cannot possibly be broken, no matter how hard things may seem, just because they want this thing so much that no other eventuality can ever enter their mind as possible. And that is, in my eyes, the secret at the heart of this delightful author. This is how Marsha and her amazing husband Bob, have worked out all these little miracles in their lives. This is how they went from uncertainty to professional success, and from poverty to a stable, safe home environment for them and their offspring.I recommend this book highly to anyone who has hit a hard spot in life and needs guidance. The tales in this story, will inspire and amaze you and they will also remind you that anything is possible, as long as you have the faith to believe it enough and the will to take action. Well done, Marsha Roberts!
An intriguing murder mystery.Jackie and Michael meet in a mansion on the Greek island of Corfu under gloomy circumstances which do not allow them the luxury of pleasantries. They're both there with a secret agenda and despite their immediate physical attraction towards each other, from the word go they strive to overcome their suspicions and caution.The sexual tension between them soon becomes too unbearable to resist. As they join forces to solve a murder case, they kiss every now and then with passion, only to regret it moments later, their desire once again overcome by doubt and apprehension about the other's true motives and intentions.With the breaking news of more than one murder on the island and a vicious, unidentified killer lurking in the shadows, the lives of Jackie and Michael soon become a whirlwind of agony and fear.This novel is an easy read and can be devoured in one sitting, especially as the author manages to keep the reader on their toes with constant twists and turns in the plot. The climax is delivered satisfactorily with one surprise after the next, bringing the two protagonists to a happy ending.The first book in Angel Sefer's Greek Isles Series is an intriguing read that will satisfy every avid reader of romance and mystery. The author is masterful in her ability to keep the reader guessing. I’m now looking forward to reading the second book in the series.
Even though I loved books 1 and 2 in this series, I have to say this is the best one so far, and this just goes to show that Amy Vansant is only getting better at her craft. It's beyond me how she manages to come up with such hilarious characters, pets and situations. The come backs are that something else and the hairless cat in this book alone was enough to keep me howling as I turned the pages. There's just so much in this book to keep you laughing. The awkwardness between Charlotte and the horrid Stephanie for one. The book has many twists and turns, typical of Amy Vansant's style. I'm a big fan and have read everything she writes and this series is my favorite. I only wish she could write faster! This is a delightful read that can be read as a standalone, just like all the others in the series. I'd recommend it highly to anyone who loves a good laugh, Golden Girls humor, and a cracking good cozy mystery plot. I could say it doesn't get better than this, but to be frank I expect Mrs Vansant would prove me wrong with the next volume!
I love the Outlander series as much as the next gal, so when I heard Amy Vansant wrote about a time-traveling highlander I felt compelled to read this book. Having read all her other novels I trusted her wicked humor would guarantee a lot of laughs and, indeed, this book did not disappoint. The romance was tantalizing enough to keep me turning the pages and the fantasy elements were delightful as is always the case with Vansant's stories but, once again, I enjoyed the humor more than anything else. This is where this author truly excels and stands out! The protagonist's Scottish accent had me giggling throughout - so spot on - and I felt compelled to read his lines out loud just to enhance my enjoyment further. His lack of understanding of vehicles and mobile phones had me howling in particular! A highly entertaining story you'll want to read again and again! I highly recommend it!
As I read this compelling memoir I experienced a mixture of feelings and the most prominent one was anger. I felt enraged, not just for the murder of Panayota and for all the cruelty she had to endure at the hands of her despicable husband, but also about the terrible social restraints that led this woman to prefer death rather than become a divorcee. The latter is a notion that's unthinkable in Greece today but sadly at the time the stigmatization of divorced women was a common phenomenon. Panayota's husband was a man of no honor, no ethics and clearly had the characteristics of a true psychopath. I was relieved that he came to pay for his crime and was amazed by the steel determination of Panayota's cousin (the author's father) to make sure the killer was brought to justice, regardless of the obstacles he found in his way. The book amazed me with its storytelling style which was a lot less gruesome/depressing than I'd expected it to be. The author, much to his credit, chose to tell the story in a detached way, thus saving the reader from harsh prose heavy with hard feelings. As a result, this read like fiction even and made my reading pleasure so much better for it. I would greatly recommend this to anyone interested to sample Greek village life in a bygone era, at a time when life often led young women to impossible choices and victimized them unfairly in the hands of men. I received a free copy of this book and chose voluntarily to review it.
Another spell-binding romance by Kostas KrommydasWhat I love about Kostas Krommydas is that every new book of his that is released comes with a guarantee - an invisible, yet tangible seal of quality that makes me fully confident to buy, knowing I am holding in my hands my next enthralling, favourite read before I even go past the cover. This was even more so the case with Lake of Memories, seeing that it rendered me riveted from the first page. Once again, the author has created a world of intricate human relationships, where invisible threads bind everyone together, causing them to push and pull in a soulful dance that renders the reader mesmerized. The ending is delivered masterfully, tugging at the heart with a treasure of emotions and filling the mind with deep thoughts that are bound to be revisited again and again long after finishing the book. Highly recommended, this is now one of my favourite books by this author.
A tearjerker but hilarious as well!This paranormal story by Darcia Helle was an utter treat and not at all what you would expect. A man is murdered by an unknown person and refuses to go into the light as he's hellbent to find his killer. In the process, he haunts a stranger, the only person who can hear him, but the stranger's not exactly happy about it. This is a tantalizing premise as it is and you would expect all the funny episodes and suspense that would logically go with it. Yet, this story is not just about that. Both the ghost and the stranger have their own issues that are related to the women they love. And this is where this story excels. The bonding between the two guys is wonderful and deeply moving as they work with these issues in this page-turner of a book, and while they also unravel the mystery of the obscure killer. Helle tells the story masterfully with believable responses from her characters, vivid scenes and superb dialogue. I highly recommend this book. It certainly made me want to read more from this author and I definitely will!
The hilarious portrayal of a quaint, yet extinct Greek world.This book has left me with mixed impressions. For one, it’s very entertaining, in the sense that it’s humorous and witty. Plus, the author is very astute and thorough in recounting the characteristics of the stereotypical Greek male and his family. Yet, at the same time, she does this in such fashion that it becomes a fervent rant, rather than a typically humorous account, to the point that in places it borders on the offensive. The other problem with the said rant is that in my opinion, it refers to a rather extinct male species. Allow me to explain:It is no surprise that the book quotes heavily from the delightful movie, “My Big Fat Greek Wedding”. The male Greek, as is portrayed in the book, seems to describe characters from the aforementioned movie. But these characters are caricatures, mere ghosts of a lost era, simply because they belong to Greek society back in the 50s, 60s, 70s max. The difference here is that the characters from the movie seem genuine because they are exactly what they claim to be: Greek emigrants living abroad, whereas the author is generalizing, as to include the Greek males and their families living in Greece today, which is of course a fallacy.In my experience, the majority of Greek emigrants and their offspring who live abroad today, still see Greece through the rose-tinted glasses of the good old Greek movies of forty-sixty years ago where stereotypes were at their best. Every resident Greek who has family abroad will know what I’m talking about because their emigrant family members seem to be stuck in a time capsule. Whenever they visit Greece, they clash badly with modern Greek society here. They appear so quaint and naïve at times, that the resident Greeks often become frustrated or even offended, as they try to explain that things have changed since they left Greece. For example, their emigrant uncles, aunts and cousins may seem stunned to come across a big mall here or to find out that the local supermarket stocks curry powder or mosquito repellent.And no matter how many times they come back for a holiday, they still don’t seem to get it. They’re somehow foreign to today’s Greece, just like the shepherd’s ‘tagari’ in the old movie ‘Koritsia Ston Ilio’ and the nostalgic bouzouki chords in ‘Never on Sunday’. Not that there’s anything wrong with all that, it’s just that they have nothing to do with Greek society today.Having been raised in Athens, I know well that Greek men are nothing like the caricatures of a bygone era portrayed in this book. Not only are they able to choose their own pairs of socks without mamma’s help, but they’re happy to let their wives work while they stay home cooking, hoovering and changing diapers.As I said, the book’s merit is in its wit and humour, as well as in the astuteness with which all the characteristics of the extinct Greek male are listed. The only problem with this book is a misquotation. It falsely refers to the male Greek in general, when what it does is describe the male Greek emigrant living abroad. As I said, they often appear to be rather stuck in Greece’s distant past, and therefore I have no trouble believing the author’s claim that all the anecdotes involving her in laws in the UK are absolutely true.Having explained how estranged I felt towards the aforementioned elements in the book, I cannot stress enough how much I enjoyed the memoir parts in it. The author has an amazing talent for relaying old memories that brim with nostalgia, sweetness and the joy of being young and carefree. I think it’s a gift that should be pursued further, as it would be a shame not to put it to good use.My overall impression of this book is that the author delivers the humour intelligently and wittily. This is why, regardless of my aforementioned grievances, I’m giving this book four stars for the hilarity, as well as for the author’s great use of language and obvious writing talent. Indeed, if there was less rant and more memoir, it would be a gem of a book! I really hope to read such a book from this author in future.
Dark fantasy, romance and great humor!Somehow, I managed to read Cherubim (book 2 in the series) before reading this volume but, I assure you, this didn’t spoil my reading pleasure in the least on both counts. Just like Cherubim, Angeli is a killer combination of romance, comedy and adventure that had me turning the pages thirstily to the last. Mrs Vansant’s storytelling is seamless and highly imaginative. There is no predictability here, nothing that you can guess or expect to spoil your fun, and the humor, especially the antics of Anne’s naughty companion, Con, had me laughing out loud all the time again. I have now read four books by this author and find it hard to pick a favorite. If you’re looking to discover a new author, choose Amy Vansant and you won’t be disappointed. The Angeli series is unique and I recommend it highly. I never thought dark fantasy and hilarity could work so closely together!
I thoroughly enjoyed this cowboy romance, the first of the kind I've ever read. This is a Harlequin-type romance with all the stereotypical doubts, changes of heart and second-guessing between the two lead characters. It also means the happy ending is guaranteed. I loved all the details of life on a ranch and particularly experiencing life through the eyes of a blind, yet strong-headed, proud woman. Very insightful. Monica Barrie is wonderful with words and her descriptions are immaculate. This is a must for fans of this genre.
Exhilarating storytelling that makes history come alive.Oh my. After finishing this book I feel like I've gone around the world. In a time capsule. Once again, Mallery unfolds her talent with masterful storytelling that makes history come alive. Soldiers fighting the Vietnam War, hippies in Woodstock, suffragettes, emigrants arriving on Ellis island and so much more come to life in this compelling family saga, making it a spell-binding treat you will never forget.I have read all of Mallery's books now and I am astounded by her unique gift to make history feel like it's happening today. She takes historical events and figures from the faded-out, misty past and turns them into living, breathing things that she then, somehow, projects in striking colors onto the mind of her readers. That is a truly magical talent to have and I urge you to sample it.
Highly cinematographical... a heart-rending WWII story set on a tiny Greek island.I knew Kostas Krommydas as an actor from his career on Greek TV (and now from The Durrells of Corfu in the UK too) but only recently discovered that he is also a wonderful writer with a great following in my country of Greece. When this book, being one of the author's Greek bestsellers, was translated into English, I jumped at the chance to read it, especially as it was based on a true story - something that intrigued me further. If I were to describe this book in one word, I'd say it's 'cinematographical'. I guess I should have expected nothing less from a fine actor such as Krommydas; his story has created a host of vivid images in my head that I still can't shake...some are happy and tender, others are tragic and heartbreaking. As I read I felt like I was there on the tiny island where the story unfolded for the most part. The terrible atrocities that the Germans carried out on the island just before they departed at the end of the war filled me with upset, just thinking that this might have happened in real life. For a few days after finishing the book, the injustice and the tragic end of some of the characters continued to haunt me...I love historical fiction, and tragic family stories with dark secrets as it is, but this book certainly stands out for the masterful storytelling, the multi-dimensional characters and the flow that is continuous and smooth. I found the book hard to put down, up until the last page, the two timelines merging seamlessly, the characters feeling so lifelike I wished there was a contact at the end of the book so I could write to the real family behind this novel and offer my sincere condolences. But I cannot do that; I can only speak for this book and say that it is one of the best books of WWII Greek fiction I have ever read. For drama and originality, I personally put it up there with Bernières' Captain Corelli's Mandolin... I highly recommend you pick up this book and see where it takes you. It certainly filled my mind with sunny skies and generous views of the Aegean. I will definitely read more from this author.
This is by far Kate Morton's best, and it is also one of the best books I have ever read. It kept me captivated all through. When it finished, I felt as if I had lost family and friends, such was my sorrow to leave this story behind. The fairy tales enclosed are magical too. I recommend this highly to readers of historical fiction and drama. This is a true masterpiece. Well done, Kate Morton!
Hilarious, intriguing and unputdownable!Having enjoyed The Angeli Series by Amy Vansant I thought I might give this cozy mystery a try as well. It was the first book in this genre I've ever read and I loved it! Vansant's remarkable humor provided a bundle of laughs along the way, and the storyline was surprisingly intriguing for such a humorous book - I couldn't put it down. Vansant is now one of my favorite authors and I'm looking forward to reading the rest of her books, whatever the genre!
An intriguing story and characters you'll never forget.Oh my goodness. I simply devoured this book. I fell in love with the story straight away, sympathizing with Sylvie and her life's difficulties. As if her huge crush on Kevin who notices her best friend instead, and her family breaking up weren't enough, her body keeps embarrassing her in public as her spirit keeps projecting out of it. What a concept! And this intriguing situation reeled me right in. But, it wasn't just the original story that did it for me, it was the exquisite writing and the characters that were so well fleshed out they felt incredibly real to the point that I miss them now and wish I could revisit them just to see how they're getting on. A remarkable achievement. This book will stay with you forever and will make your mind drift to your own life's troubles back at puberty - hopefully filling your heart with the same bittersweet feeling as it did for me. Highly recommended. This book whetted my apetite for more paranormal stories and I only wish they'll be half as wonderfully written as this one was by Katie Hayoz. I'll definitely look into her other books, and hope she'll write a paranormal story again in future.
Exquisite writing that made me feel like I'm on the island!I was drawn to this book before I even started reading, first because of the stunning cover and secondly because I love the Greek island of Zakynthos. When I was offered a free copy in return for an honest review, I jumped at the chance hoping to recapture some of the beauty of this island. As it turned out, the writing exceeded my expectations tremendously on this score. Reading this book actually felt like I was back in Zakynthos and I could see and feel it all down to the last enchanting detail. The heroine went through an incredible journey of growth and healing. Out of the blue, she finds herself in an unknown place in a foreign country where she winds up finding her roots, new love and even deliverance from resentment and pain that had been blocking her advancement in life, denying her happiness. The awkward situations between the two main characters felt real and down to earth, and the romance was utterly sweet and delightful. Actually, this book offers a number of delights: a wonderful romance, a host of lovely, lifelike characters, and a well-structured family story that added drama in the right measure, just enough to enrich the plot. More than anything else though, I enjoyed the wonderful way in which Greece and its people are portrayed in this book. Being Greek, this is always a delight and a huge compliment. The love of this author for Zakynthos, its people and the way of life there shines through. I highly recommend this book to anyone who shares similar passions for any place in Greece. And I'll definitely read more from this author.
An intriguing story told masterfully.This is the first book I read by this author and I loved his writing style. This is a well-structured story told masterfully, the characters believable and the settings tangible. I felt like I was there experiencing it all even though I've never been to the States. There was only one element to the writing I found rather annoying: In the first part of the book there is a noticeably high amount of banter involving quips in French. Luckily I did French in school so I was somewhat okay but there were many I'd never heard of and didn't get. I mention this because I feel this kind of thing may come across as annoying to many readers who do not speak a word of French. It certainly did well to alienate me in places. Such a pity because in every other way I was totally engrossed in the intelligent, snappy dialogue and the story of the hero's many turmoils. This little 'faux-pas' (see what I did there?) in my opinion, is the reason why I am not giving the book the glowing 5-star rating it deserves in every other respect. Well done!
Another action-packed installment of an epic series.Having read all the previous volumes of this epic tale, I found Vigil to be probably the most enthralling installment so far. There are a number of plots evolving simultaneously, played out by a multitude of diverse characters. I have come to have my favorites by now, and I follow their adventures thirstily as we’re now coming close to the much-awaited end. Vigil has been another thrilling experience on planet Pearseus, woven with tenderness as well as violence, humor, as well as heart-breaking tragedy. By now, I trust fully that Nicholas Rossis will deliver the conclusion of this epic series with absolute mastery, with the highly imaginative, effortless writing style he has demonstrated so far, and I simply can’t wait.
An unforgettable and magical classic!It's not often that I fall in love with a book, and when it happens it truly feels amazing. And that is how I feel, having read this classic American novel of 1951 - a book that I've been hearing about from time to time and was very curious about. The narrator and main character, Holden Caulfield, is not your average young man. At first, I found him entertaining, half way through the book he began to get on my nerves, but by the end I adored him so much I found myself wishing I could adopt him! Let me explain: Holden is distracted. Very distracted. His words and actions are so random that any sane person would soon start to wonder what's wrong with him. Throughout the book, he jumps from one thing to another. Plus he lies, and even when he doesn't have to, seemingly just for the fun of it. At the same time, Holden keeps saying the word 'phony' throughout the book. He can spot lies and deception from a mile away, and seems to despise these things with passion. Talk about a contradiction there! His story involves a roller coaster of emotions and situations and you get to follow it all from his point of view. It all starts in his school, a place he hates, with schoolmates he loves to hate too. I won't give you any spoilers about the plot, but I'll just say he leaves school and winds up in New York where he stays in a hotel and meets a few people - some of them he knows, others he meets for the first time. The more I read, the more I was reeled in. I said earlier on that Holden got on my nerves at some point, and that was partly because he kept repeating himself. Normally, repeated words in a book won't do, but of course, for the specific, over-thinking character, it actually makes sense and shows the brilliance of the author. The writing in this book is truly masterful, down to the last detail. The character's thinking, as faulty and annoying as it can be sometimes, is intriguing and will keep you interested throughout. Towards the end of Holden's weekend in New York, and certainly in what comes after that, Holden's true colors slowly begin to show, and that is where you'll probably find yourself caring for this young man more and more, just like I did. He felt so incredibly real, and I was full of concern about him when the book ended for that reason. Frankly, I wish there was a sequel so I could find out what happens to him next! And that, I think, is the true feat of the great J. D. Salinger. This magical book made me cry at the scene of the carousel simply because, there, Holden Caulfield tells us exactly who he is and where he's coming from. This is a gem of a book. You can't call yourself a book lover unless you've read The Catcher in the Rye. This is one of the best and most unforgettable books I have ever read and I highly recommend that you read it too.
A heart-warming story and vivid characters that will stay with youEvanthia's Gift is a heart-warming family saga that still stays with me even though I finished the book a couple of weeks ago. My mind often drifts to its vivid characters, their difficult life situations and heartache. Although it is a long book, it kept me interested and I couldn't put it down, always starting yet another chapter to see what happens next. In terms of storyline and characters, this books scores top marks. However, I found the pace could have been better - there are many scenes that are not necessary to advance the story and therefore could have been omitted to make this a shorter, tighter read. Still, because it was so unputdownbable and its story/characters so palpable and haunting, I am giving it four stars. I am already looking forward to the next book in the series.
An utterly cinematographic second-chance romance set in the Wild West.This book is utterly cinematographic. It took me straight to the Wild West, to the time of the pioneers who once rushed there to claim a plot of land and start a new life. The book begins with the arrival of Cora and her family (her parents and sister) at Nebraska for the Land Rush of 1856. The scenes of their preparation for the event and the event itself were intriguing and utterly thrilling. Cora is at the center of this riveting story that caused a plethora of emotions to blossom in me as I read. Sometimes delightful and humorous, other times harrowing and heart-breaking, this book was hard to put down. As is the case in all Mallery's novels, the spot-on language is the vehicle that drives you straight into the place and time where the story is set. Once again, this masterful writer has added further excitement to the plot by having her characters interact with famous people of the era. This time it was Buffalo Bill and Annie Oakley that paraded before my mind's eye, enhancing the effect of nostalgia for a time that we all know and love from those old cowboy movies. Cora's never-ending heartache for her lost love, Thomas, made me root for her throughout this exceptional second-chance romance. I highly recommend this sweet romance, but please note: it has adult themes that make it unsuitable for some audiences.
A delightful children’s book with the sweetest ending ever!The boy wakes up to find his smile is missing. His pet dog wishes it could help but cannot. The monster in his closet is a friendly one, but it has no answers either. On his way to school, the boy meets a bunch of strange characters but they all seem too preoccupied in their own affairs (aren’t all adults in the eyes of a child?) to answer his pressing question about his missing smile. Still, by the end of the story, the answer comes unexpectedly and in the sweetest way possible, so much that I felt my heart actually melting. This is the first published children’s story by sci-fi/fantasy author Nicholas Rossis and perhaps the best bit about it, even more than the brilliance of the story itself, is that Runaway Smile is the first of many. The author is already working on the next children’s book and I simply can't wait. But it is not just the fresh, delightful narrative that makes this story standout; the inspired illustrations by Dimitris Fousekis simply give it wings. I found myself immersed in the pages, left behind the worries of my adult mind and turned into a child again for a little while, as to remember anew where a true smile comes from. If you are buying a book for a child, Runaway Smile is an awesome choice. There is no awkwardness and no fear factor; just delight, plenty of innocence and a sweet ending that will make any young heart lift.
This is the second book by this author that I read and I utterly enjoyed it. I love exploring Greek island life through Zouroudi's crime stories. The writing is masterful and intrigue awaits at every page. I found it hard to put this book down at bedtime and often read longer than intended. Highly recommended for lovers of Greek island fiction and crime fiction in general. It doesn't get better than this for the who-dunnit enthusiast!
A compelling journey around the world and through history.Sewing Can Be Dangerous was an utter delight to read because it felt like an exhilarating time travel journey. Each short story takes us to a different place and time in history. The element of sewing is always present, sometimes it's someone's work, other times a hobby, or a matter of life and death - a means to save a life. Mallery's storytelling is compelling and often haunting, the unexpected twists in the end delightful. I highly recommend this book to readers who love short stories, especially to those who enjoy delving into worlds long forgotten in the mists of time. The first short story was my favorite. It haunted me for a few days after reading it; it felt incredibly real.
Enchanting and simply irresistible!This book has astounded me. For one, this genre is not my cup of tea. Although I love science fiction, I’m not a big fan of fantastical worlds, especially when a medieval type of life is involved. Yet, this book has been a delightful surprise for me.Other than enjoying the enchanting story of Princess Areenna and Prince Mikaal who set out on a treacherous journey to save their magical world, I was also greatly amazed by the concept of the storyline. David Wind has set this world into the very far future of the USA, at a time when worldwide terrorism has used technology to pollute the world with radiation, ending civilization as we know it. In his fantastical world, the author introduces an array of mutated animals that all appear intriguing as well as surprisingly endearing, so much that they made me wish they existed in the real world; treygones and kraals in particular. There are beautiful descriptions of forestland, rivers and medieval-type castles and keeps and in this world, the women are revered and have magical powers. When the dark forces who have destroyed the world as we know it today return to try and rule even this new, devastated world, the gifted Areenna is summoned to travel with Prince Mikaal to The Island as to come face to face with the bare truth about the destruction that was brought upon it. On their way there, they get to know each other better as friends, they gather new gifts from other realms and of course, they get to master their newly acquired abilities that will help them in their final battle against Evil.David Wind has created a world that expresses magic in every way; not just with the sparks and orbs of light that are expelled into the air with every wave and flick of the youngsters’ hands, but also with the suitably old-fashioned dialogue and the masterfully described scenes of the magnificent landscape. This amazing future world is simply irresistible and as I read on, I felt suitably mesmerized by it. I’ve had the best ‘mind trip’ of my life in years with this book. A true gem of its genre. Well done, David Wind!I’m already looking forward to the next book in the Tales of Navaeh Series as to see what else this highly imaginative author has in store for the reader.Don’t miss out. If you love fantasy, trust me, you want to read this book!
Ingenious plots and heroic acts delivered with mastery.The third installment of the Pearseus series has the same two elements that normally put me off my reading: a large number of characters and gore/graphic violence. Still, the writing is so excellent that by the last page, I felt enormously satisfied. The author introduces even more characters in Mad Water, weaving with them an intricate fabric of ingenious plots that are dotted with twists and turns that keep the reader hooked to the pages. There are characters that keep throwing themselves into dangerous situations and who triumph in their heroic acts, there’s tenderness in other places, as well as ruthless rulers and advisors who prove to be masters of manipulation. Nicholas Rossis is a highly imaginative author who picks his words with mastery. Once again, I give him top marks for the same elements that I’ve praised him on for the previous volumes: for the excellent style of writing, the suspense, the wisdom imparted and the ingenuity with which he spins his yarn. Looking forward to the next volume already.
Delightful and clever!This is the second book by this author that I've now read--the first one being the heart-rending picture book 'One Heart'--and I loved the concept of questioning fairy tales in this series. It's a wonderful idea that sparks curiosity in children's minds, encouraging them to think for themselves.Filbert Numbscull is the main character throughout the series. Unlike the delightful surname that suggests otherwise when pronounced, this is actually a clever little owl that even plays detective! In the specific book, Filbert investigates the whats, hows and whys behind the story of Little Thumb. A host of pressing questions are addressed for the first time and the findings surprisingly point us to the issue of fear - what it can do to us and how liberating it can be once we find the courage to overcome it.Mrs Gioti both writes the clever prose and designs the beautiful graphics creating a top notch children's book that's bound to entertain young children and teach them a thing or two. If your child tends to question everything, I am sure they'll enjoy 'meeting' Mr Filbert Numbscull! A delightful and clever picture book that I highly recommend.
Having thoroughly enjoyed 'Sewing Can Be Dangerous' by this author, I jumped at the chance to read Genteel Secrets. This is because I had high expectations, knowing this author's unique ability to weave historical elements into her stories seamlessly, and to make them come so alive that it feels like you're living them firsthand. As I expected, this delightful short read didn't disappoint. This was the first time I read Civil War fiction and felt perfectly immersed into it, meeting legendary figures of this era for the first time and learning all about the espionage, the battles, and the unfair treatment African Americans suffered at the time. The romantic story was sweet and tender, the misunderstandings and adversities that often created distance between the protagonists spurred me on to keep turning the pages, and all the while I rooted for their love to have a happy ending. In a nutshell, the story was utterly delightful and its ending fully satisfying. I recommend this book highly if you're looking for a short, romantic read to transport you to a different era and have you experience it in vivid colors! (I received a free copy and chose voluntarily to review)
This was an absolutely fantastic read! Once again, Kallias' imagination seems to know no limits. The action scenes were breathtaking and have created indelible images in my mind that are reminiscent of legendary scifi movies. Kallias is an extremely talented author and I look forward to the next installment in his series. I received a free copy of this book and chose voluntarily to review it.
Another great moral cleverly presented to the little readers!I was eagerly awaiting the second children's story by Nicholas Rossis, having loved the moral behind Runaway Smile. Musiville was, as expected, just as entertaining. Rossis has created another terrific story for little readers out there, this time talking about the benefits of coming together. Only deafening, annoying music can come out of the mouths of those who do and live without taking others under consideration. But have them work together and beautiful, perfect harmony can only be the result. Well done to this remarkable author who keeps taking me by surprise with his fascinating imagination and diverse storytelling abilities.
A delightful urban fantasy set in Miami.Young Amy is no ordinary girl. She’s a Weeia; i.e. she belongs to a special clan of people who have various super powers. Amy’s special ability is dreamshifting. Through her dreams, she can visit places and people. One day, she meets a man in the street who introduces himself to her as her father. Seeing that he’d abandoned the family years ago, she’s very cautious towards him, especially as he’s a powerful Weeia who’s said to be a ruthless killer.When Amy meets Duncan, a delightful young man who’s also a Weeia, the story takes on a lovely, light-hearted turn. The two of them spend lots of time together as they explore the multi-ethnic eateries of Miami, but their joy soon gives way to angst as they face mortal danger. After an accident, Amy is separated from her mother and is kept hostage in a strange place where she’s discouraged to use her dreamshifting abilities. I found this story unique and delightful, although I would personally enjoy a hint of romance between Amy and Duncan. Also, I’d prefer less restaurant scenes as after a while they felt rather repetitive without contributing to the story. I loved the way the book ended in a happy, carefree moment when the conflicts had all been dealt with. I wonder what the upcoming adventures of the Weeia will be, and I look forward to the next books in the series.
A thrilling vampire myth set in Spain that will enchant you. Un-put-downable!Every once in a while, there comes a book that makes me wish that I could rate with 6 stars, just to make that one book stand out triumphantly as it should. This book is definitely one of them! The Mantequero is not your average vampire. This Spanish lad is surely handsome and just as evil as vampires come, yet, instead of sucking blood, he sucks the fat of beautiful young girls. He picks the plump ones and loves them, entering their bedroom through their open window at night and carries on until they’re dead; a mere carcass of skin and bones.Although I am not a fan of horror, this delightful compilation of novellas on the subject has thrilled and enchanted me. Jenny Twist sure has a gift of delivering compelling prose and vibrant descriptions that transport you to the lush mountainsides of Spain, leaving you to roam the streets of ancient villages at dusk, full of trepidation over the damned creature lurking in the shadows.It was hard to pick a favorite among these stories but I’ll tell you this: they seem to mature and improve as the story progresses. The author first wrote “Mantequero”, then “Disappeared” and the rest of the tales came under the pressure of her fans pushing for a sequel. The more the author imagined, the darker the story got, but at the same time the characters grew deeper and more involved with this evil creature. It’s odd actually, because althrough this is a set of novellas written in different times, each one in itself complete, this book reads like a single novel separated by chapters. It has a beginning, a middle and an end, and the author’s had one after another brilliant idea to keep the story going, all the more heightening the fascination and the horror in the mind of the reader.I did pick a favorite among these novellas in the end; it’s “Sins of the Father”. It was the darkest of them all and the one that had me turning the pages at my most thirsty. Having said that, be warned: your reading pleasure will be ruined if you pick to read these stories out of sequence. Instead of buying any of the earlier novellas separately, pick out this specific publication and find out all about the Mantequero by reading it as a novel like I did. By the last page, chances are you’ll be feeling the same: detached from reality and tingly all over, overwhelmed by the thrilling, magical journey in rural Spain that this author has granted you. Well done, Jenny Twist!
Intriguing historical romance. Such a page-turner!I love books set in New York and this historical romance had an original premise that drew me from the start. I'd never read anything about nazis in America before so I was intrigued before I even started to read. S.R. Mallery set her world vividly from the first pages, reeling me in effortlessly. I have read all her other books and, once again the dialogue was spot on for the era. This author writes vivid dialogue and characters in all her books, and she does it in an almost cinematographical way, in the sense that as I read I can see it all in my mind's eye. What a wonderful talent for a writer to have!The heroine, Lily, was traumatized from childhood and worried for her mother's health too. She is such a caring soul, a good girl that was full of worry and trepidation. It all made me yearn for her to find happiness. The man she loved was someone she was assigned to spy on, which caused her to ache with love for him while doubting his integrity and true motives at the same time. A host of nazi supporters, some operatives on a stake-out, and FBI agents are featured in the story, weaving a web of lies and distrust that trapped the two protagonists at the center. I cannot recommend this book enough for fans of historical fiction and sweet romance with suspense. The story proved utterly entertaining to the last page. Towards the end, a series of twists and revelations caused my reading pleasure to skyrocket. But, above all, what I enjoyed the most was feeling fully immersed in the 1940s as I read. It was an unforgettable mind trip and I urge you to take it as well.
A delightful mystery - highly recommended!Murder and mystery are back in Pineapple Port, and even though I thought I'd seen it all in book 1, it seems Mrs Vansant's wicked humor is inexhaustible! The Mystery Box is another hilarious cozy mystery by this author that was well worth the wait. It is a compelling mix of dangerous villains, a ruthless ex, a character or two for whom appearances are deceiving, and the usual golden girls humor from the half-mad locals that had me howling continuously as I read. You don't have to start at book 1 to enjoy this volume - it can be read as a standalone but I do recommend you read both books for maximum enjoyment. If you're looking for laughs and mystery, then look no further!
Somehow, I thoroughly enjoyed this book, even though I dislike brooding and unsociable heroes in fiction. Thankfully this one turned out to be nothing like the Heathcliff type, and the plot involved in much more delightful ways than I'd expected. By far, this book was full of surprises, both the mystery and the romance tantalizing. The story kept me guessing for a good while about the nature of the haunting. Was it a real ghost or a person with obscure motives? Constant twists and turns, and a riveting romance brought me to an exhilarating ending where one last paranormal element left me chuckling no end. This was a delightful read that contained a good measure of mystery and plenty of sweet, romantic interludes between the characters. As I read, I experienced so much with my senses. This is always a good indicator of the quality of writing, so congrats to the author! This novel is anything but a typical romance. For one, it's set on a Greek island in the dead of winter. That in itself is quite a novelty!
A wonderful page turner! Another terrific collection of short stories by the highly imaginative Nicholas Rossis. This author is slowly developing into a master of suspense and unexpected twists. This was another page turner, and I loved the darker stories among them most. I can very well imagine Rossis developing into a horror writer one day. The more chilling samples of his published work sure point that way. I've read all his books and enjoy his short stories the most. If you love to be surprised, never to know what to expect, pick any of Rossis' short story collections and you won't be disappointed! (I've received a free copy of this book in return for my honest review).
A Delightful peek into an enchanting world where we could all grow younger!Tilly and Johnny are a young couple who meet and fall in love during WWII.The sweetness of their romance and the exquisitely vibrant setting of the era reel the reader in from the very first page. We are also briefly introduced to a handful of equally delightful characters when Tilly meets Johnny’s parents and the locals in the village where they live. And then, confusion hits. Tilly wakes up in a room that she doesn’t recognize. It is decorated in the style of the 40s but it looks so shabby that it makes her feel uncomfortable. And that’s not all. Strangers walk in and then she is informed that she is an Alzheimer patient in a hospital ward that is part of an experiment: The doctors have attempted to create an environment that is reminiscent of the patients’ youth thinking that this would help them recover from this horrible disease. Tilly’s caring and comforting doctors take her to another ward where she reunites with her husband, Johnny. He is recovering from a stroke and has partial mobility problems. The experiment is then expanded to include her husband too with an extraordinary new venture that involves them returning to their abandoned cottage in the village where they had stayed as newlyweds. The cottage is reinstated by the doctors fully in the 40s style. They even made sure to provide them with suitable labeling on their food supplies and for their entertainment, they set them up with an antique TV set and a radio. They both broadcast programs of the said era on a loop thanks to state-of-the-art computer technology.The moment that Tilly and Johnny return to the cottage, the magic begins and the reader is hooked to keep on reading. The elderly husband and wife gradually regain lost feelings of youth and happiness but also start to physically change back to their younger selves! The story inevitably brought to mind “The Curious Case of Benjamin Button”; another enchanting tale that involves the reversal of the aging process. Jenny Twist has created an equally magical novel where all the things we often wish for as we grow older, actually happen. How great would it be to go back in time and be young again? And what if this time we could even manage to do things that we never did before?Jenny Twist goes the extra mile to give the reader a secondary story as well that initially comes across as slightly out of place. It is quite exotic as it involves a setting in India and a couple of Indian UK residents who are plagued by strict family values. It is an odd mix with the main story but somehow it all works and I found both the main and secondary plots equally delightful and interesting to follow. In parts, the process of rejuvenation felt so strange that it brought to mind bizarre episodes from The Twilight Zone. Still, they did the trick in luring the reader in a fantastical world where common wishful thinking relevant to recapturing one’s lost youth becomes reality for a while and that is what makes the journey in this book, totally unique and satisfying.I have thoroughly enjoyed All In The Mind and really look forward to discovering more books from this amazing author!
A wonderful, touching coming-of-age storyI really enjoyed this story and sympathized with Lee, a man who's been unsure of himself, having had the misfortune to be raised in a dysfunctional, upper-class family where he felt misunderstood, if not ignored. His father was critical and aloof and I cringed with compassion every time Lee interacted with him. As the story progressed, and as Lee slowly unraveled his awkward parents' secrets, he slowly began to create a circle of friends around him that, for the first time, helped him to feel at ease in his interactions with others. Predominantly, this story is about Lee's journey from childhood to adulthood, as we watch him stand on his own two feet and acquire self-assurance. Florence Osmund has done a wonderful job, creating characters that feel 100% real. The only downside is I felt the flow could be better at times, as some scenes/passages weren't necessary and could have been removed, especially in the second half of the book. Summing up, a great story and I shall look forward to reading more from this author.
Surprising endings and masterful prose.Trust S.R. Mallery to never disappoint. And this rings true, once again, with this collection of delightfully diverse short stories. The order they've been put in the book (from shorter to longer in terms of word count) also serves as a vehicle that drives the reader deeper and deeper into the author's mastery of prose. I am not a fan of flash fiction, so I can't say I particularly enjoyed the first stories that were really short. But, boy, did the reading begin to pay off gradually as I kept turning the pages! For me, short stories of a greater length are those that allow an author to unfold their talent to the max. Mallery's came shining through the pages like a floodlight. I loved how some of the stories took me to different places or times - reminding me of the equally thrilling experience I had when I read 'Sewing Can Be Dangerous' by the same author. Jumping from one place and era to another, on and on, had me starting each story with an element of surprise, which enhanced my reading experience further. In Tales to Count On, Mallery reminds us that nothing is what it seems. I urge you to read this book and explore this notion with these wonderful tales.
I've thoroughly enjoyed The Pearseus series. This is dark fantasy at its best and definitely not your run-of-the-mill scifi series. Epic battles and corrupted people of power keep tipping the scales to keep you guessing and turning the pages thirstily to find out what happens next. There is some gore - graphic detail in violent scenes - something that I don't particularly enjoy - but the writing is so masterful in these books that it didn't spoil my reading pleasure at all. If you're looking to get away with a thrilling read set in a fantastical world of epic proportions, look no further. I received a free copy of this series and chose voluntarily to review it.
A story of sweet romance and family problems delivered with masteryAnna Nesmith is an intelligent woman, who finds herself in a very painful and awkward situation. Agent Frank Caburn barges into her life asking all sorts of questions about her husband, but in the process finds himself more interested in her. The story unfolds with an array of delightful characters, the way only this author can portray them; delightful, but at the same time with lots of attitude, savvy and witty. Jackie Weger manages to balance skillfully sweet romance with the portrayal of painful and awkward family situations. Her main character, Anna Nesmith, handles herself in the face of untold dismay and devastation like a real hero: with incredible charisma, stoicism and humor. I couldn’t help but admire her through her journey and to fall in love with old-fashioned, charming Frank Caburn alongside her.This has been a delightful read! I have bought the other two romances in this author’s series as well (No Perfect Destiny, No Perfect Fate) and can’t wait to dig in!
Another superb read from Amy Vansant. This romantic comedy is partly set in the wilderness, where the protagonists and their friends get to take part in a couples' reality show, getting up to all sorts of trouble and mischief. Utterly hilarious, and a real page-turner. This is one of Vansant's best. Once again she's proven that her humor is fresh, clever, and simply inexhaustible. If you're looking for something to cheer you up and make you laugh, look no further...Reading the first book in the series (Slightly Stalky, which is equally entertaining), is not a prerequisite, but it will deepen your understanding of the characters if you read it first. (I received a free copy of Slightly Sweaty and chose voluntarily to review it)
A fresh interpretation of ancient Greek myths with unique astuteness and vivid imagination!Being a Greek, I’ve been raised with the enchanting myths of my country, including the ones portrayed in this book. They’ve always fascinated me so when I was presented with the opportunity to read this book in return for an honest review, I jumped at the chance, yet didn’t expect any novelties in the content. Little did I know though, what the author had in store: Greek heroes and heroines I thought I knew so well paraded before my eyes as I read the book but for the first time, they had flesh and bones, and they seemed incredibly real as if walking the earth today.And how can it not be so when the author choses to portray some of these protagonists as living in the modern world? Who would have thought to present Goddess Hera as a guest in a live TV show for example? And as for novelty, how about hearing the real cause behind the Trojan War from the mouth of Helen herself? What if it has all been a lie and she never ran away with Paris?Cavallaro fleshes out her characters with pumping hearts and weeping eyes as they recount the curses put upon them and their tragic downfalls. The book is a testament from five tragic women: Phaedra, Helen of Troy, Goddess Hera, Pandora, and Medousa.In a nutshell, Luciana Cavallaro has created a gem, even though she’s used ingredients that have been overly used before and seem as plain as common stones! Don’t fool yourselves like I did that this is your run of the mill book of Greek myths. Far from it, these tales ring true at the heart, as if referring to people living next door. Their stories have been told and retold over the millennia but Cavallaro has managed the impossible: to breathe in these heroines new life and to render their pain and regret utterly believable.Definitely looking forward to more books from this author.
A touching story sprinkled with magic!I was offered a copy of this novel by the author in exchange for an honest review. The postcard is a delightful story of women’s fiction that had just the right amount of humor, sentiment and quirkiness thrown into the mix to make it just perfect for my tastes. It reminded me a lot of my favorite novels by Irish author Cecilia Ahern, whose stories are sprinkled with the same kind of magic. Lily Graham has written a very touching story. The spirit of a deceased mother makes an appearance in the life of her daughter—as to protect and comfort her--via unexplainable writings on an old postcard. It was a wonderful way to speak about the connection between a mother and her children, how precious it is, so much that not even death really breaks it. The book is well written when it comes to use of language, but I thought it requires a proper copy edit; I refer mainly to the commas and quotes, which I kept finding in the wrong place or missing where they should be. Without this flaw, the book would be simply perfect. I will definitely look out for the next book by this author.
A humorous and romantic family tale set in an old, haunted houseI don’t know why I feel so surprised upon reading this book. I should have known that an amazing writer like Jackie Weger would be the only one capable to write a ghost story that is about anything but the ghost! If I were to tell you that this is a tale about a family moving in a haunted house, you’d imagine chain dragging, spooky sightings and goosebumps, wouldn’t you now? And yet, this is a tender family tale that will have you laughing with the kind of humor you’d only expect from watching The Golden Girls!Justine has recently been forced to become the head of her family. Her husband has selfishly abandoned her and their two small children to become a monk in some remote, exotic isle. Plagued by financial trouble, Justine decides to start a new life and moves into an old house in a rural location. As well as her two children, she brings along her mother and strangely enough, her mother-in-law too. The two elderly women are not the best of friends, making derisive and critical remarks about each other all day, while the children have their issues and insecurities too. In their midst of it all, Justine is wounded, uncertain and insecure, but somehow manages to play the role of referee and coordinator for them all. When love knocks gently on her door in the shape of her kindly neighbor Tucker Highsmith, Justine is irrevocably proven unsure on her feet, teetering between offending and flirting with this man who is severely drawn to her and has the gall to tell her so from the word go.Jackie Weger has managed the impossible with Tucker; she’s had me fancying a man with facial hair. But that man is irresistible. Other than the fact that he’s incredibly confident, straightforward and honest, hating mind games—the way every woman wishes a man to be—he also has an affinity for cooking and aspires to writing a cookery book. I mean, how adorable is that?Lottie is the resident ghost, and although the book is anything but a ghost story, she fits well in the mix, having her chance at interacting with Justine and her family in a delightful, ingenious way that the reader certainly won’t expect.All in all, this is a delightful read, full of opportunities for laughter, chuckles and the inevitable sigh brought on by romantic, soppy lines. It will equally please the avid readers of humor, romance, family tales and ghost stories too. I will also say that I’ve read dozens of indie books and this is the only one I’ve read so far where I’ve found zero typos both in terms of spelling and punctuation. Well done, Jackie Weger!Highly recommended!
An intense romance in a stunning setting.Although this book is the first installment in MM Jay's Greek Tycoons series, it is a standalone read. There is no cliffhanger and the ending is a perfect Happily Ever After. I loved the sexual tension between Trish and Markos. When Markos becomes the victim of a brutal attack, Trish saves his life and winds up having a private moment with him in hospital where they've been taken for treatment. It all seems hopeful between them, except Trish has a guilty secret. When Markos finds out, he gets understandably angry and their relations go south from there. Still, their love is strong and after each of them has resolved their own family issues, life binds them together once more. This book is a page-turner. I finished it in just a couple of sittings and can very well say I devoured it. The setting was fantastic, and I experienced life in a stunning Greek island with all my senses. The romance between the protagonists was intense, and very down to earth; it was all very human, very natural, the characters well fleshed out. A host of minor characters are introduced in this book, some of them mentioned repeatedly. I hope the next books in the series will introduce readers to their stories too. Personally, I can't wait! (I was offered a free copy of the book in return for an honest review)
Kyle and Sammy are two bank robbers that roam the USA with the FBI on their tail. Now, I must admit that “Pursuit” is the first book of this genre that I have read. I will be honest here – FBI and robber stories are not my cup of tea so I will try to be fair regardless of my reading preferences.Matt Kruze has created a very realistic “cat and mouse” story and at that, by adding an obscure onlooker into the mix – just to heighten the suspense. Although I didn’t feel particularly attached to Sammy, I found Kyle endearing and easy to relate to. I specifically enjoyed the part where the robbers stayed with Kyle’s mother. Her character was incredibly lifelike. I could almost see her and the expressions on her face and chuckled at her ballsy comebacks to the FBI agents!Matt Kruze follows his robbers as if filming them with a video camera and letting you see the entire footage. He follows them everywhere – not just when they are robbing banks or driving their car or eating out but even when they are showering or lying in bed. It feels a little claustrophobic at times to be so much in their heads. On the upside, this increases the illusion of reality and by the end of the book it feels like you have followed them up and down the USA, riding in their car with them all the way. Other than believable characters, there are also excellent descriptions of the locales and I found the references to the weather particularly amazing – Matt Kruze has a way with words! The use of language is this author’s strong point but I feel the flow in the story is lacking in the sense that there were far too many mundane interludes in the character’s daily lives that the novel could have done without. This is the only reason why I am giving this book a rating of four stars instead of five. Other than that, even though as I said I don’t normally go for this genre, I could totally appreciate this solid story where the use of language and character building are indeed superb.
A well written story of passion and suspense!I really enjoyed it!I loved the characters and the description of the island. I’ve always wanted to visit a Greek island and now, more so than ever…I would recommend this book to anyone who loves a good mystery with lots of twists and turns, as well as, a good romance.
This novel had it all!!!I had thoroughly enjoyed the first novel in the series, so I couldn’t wait for this one. And I was not disappointed… This novel had it all: mystery, suspense, intrigue, romance, captivating characters, and a beautiful island setting.I highly recommend it to all mystery romance lovers.
I like romance and I love mysteries, so I was intrigued by the blurb. I also liked the fact that the novel takes place on the beautiful Greek island of Corfu. The book was a refreshing, wonderful surprise. I thoroughly enjoyed reading this fantastic book and highly recommend it. Mystery and magic blended with romance and adventure created a very interesting plot and I kept on turning pages. The characters were fascinating and I am looking forward for the next book in the series...
A captivating mystery romanceThis book had me hooked! I love mystery romances, and the twists and turns in this one had me hanging on every word, page after page. I was intrigued by the characters, absorbed by the fantastic descriptions, and what can I say about the ending? I never saw it coming…
Movies mentioned by Mark Fisher in the book :1. Children of men (2006)2.V for Vendetta (2005)3. Predator (1987)4. Scarface (1983)5. The Godfather1,2,36. Reservoir dogs (1992)7.Goodfellas(1990)8.Pulp fiction (1994)9. WALL-E (2008)10. Heat(1995)11. Office space (1999)12.Blue Collar(1978)13. Bourne 1,2,314. Memento (2000)15. Eternal sunshine of a spotless mind (2004)16.The parallax view (1975)17. The Truman show (1998)18. Tinker tailor soldier spy (2011)19.Solaris (1972)20. Stalker (1979)21. Alien ( 1979)22. Blade runner (1982)
As amazing as expected.
Was expecting a little more action but in general it was a very good story.
What on earth was this ending???? Don't recommend this book to anyone.
I'm sorry but I didn't like it at all. After 20 chapters I quit. It was just a monologue and -possibly- a tourist book (I went there, I saw that, it was built then). It made me want to visit Rome some day but that's all it had to offer.
My favourite book, still!
An exciting story taking place on Corfu!I loved this exciting story which kept me intrigued from page one all the way to the end!The main characters - a beautiful investigative reporter and an ex-special forces, police detective - are forced to work together to solve the mystery of the murders in the family of a Greek tycoon. The unfolding of the mystery kept me turning pages while, at the same time, I held my breath as a simmering passion developed between them.The icing on the cake was that the story took place mainly on Corfu - my mother's birthplace. I enjoyed the descriptions of the island which brought back happy memories.I highly recommend this book and I'm looking forward to reading another book from this author!
Fascinating, simmering and intriguing!This is a fascinating, action-packed story full of intrigue, suspense, deceit, and danger that took me on a ride from Atlanta to New York City and finally, to the beautiful Greek island of Santorini. Every time I thought I had it all figured out, a new twist left me speechless. You will never guess the ending…
An incredible Adventure!This book takes you on it's journey and leaves you gripping your seat in anticipation. From the characters to the imagery, this grabs you and keeps you begging for more. A new, edgy take on an apocalyptic adventure. This is a must read for anyone who enjoys a thrilling adventure. I highly recommend this.
A very exciting and well-written book!I just love well-written books, and this was one of them. The beautiful descriptions and the development of the intriguing characters jumped from the pages. I found myself drawn to it, page after page, trying to figure out who was hiding behind all this… The story was exhilarating, full of mystery, danger, and suspense, while the development of the simmering desire between stunning Helena and the seductive captain kept me glued to the pages.A great sequel of the first novel in the series!
This book was awesome! A friend of mine highly recommended this series, and I picked up the last one to see what it was all about. I loved it! I just couldn't put the book down until the very end, and now, I want more… I’m going to get the rest of the books in the series. I thoroughly enjoyed this exciting page turner and fell in love with the characters. It is my turn now, to highly recommend this book!!!
Lovely book, like the others of Gibran.
Chris Hughes introduces himself with a collection of mostly short, free versed poems, read like deep breaths after deep thoughts about deep truths. A mirror, that becomes a window. Starting beautifuly and honestly from the inner self, this is a nice and promising first step of a new poets' journey from the particular, towards the universal - as Aristotle would say.
It has been a long time I haven't read a real good story. And after Soloup's Aivali, I decided to explore Venezis original novel. Masterpiece!
Exceptional novel about the charismatic professor William Stoner, who lived a full life despite an unfortunate series of circumstances. The writer achieves to get through to the readers the emotions of the protagonist, feelings of empathy and finally thoughts of catharsis.
Although I did not like the book as much as "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close" I liked Julia's and Jacob's personal struggle. There's such a depth of the marriage relationship that evolves throughout the book that it got me to an uneasy place. It's realistic, hard, harsh, sweet, terrifying but unbelievably well written. The characters [especially Julia and Jacob] feel like real people. Most of all I loved the kids and their cleverness, quirkiness, and uniqueness. And, of course, the ending was what turned my heart around.The truth is I was disappointed in this book. It seemed like two stories, two separate books were merged into one and the author had to find a way to seam them together. The Jewish stuff and the Israeli parallel stories were a bit boring [at least for me] but I do understand what the author tried to do. I believe, though, that he could have done it with lesser pages.I love Jonathan Safran Foer. It is one good book but I believe he over did it in this case. I am afraid that the ups and downs of this book will make a lot of readers struggle. I would recommend it nonetheless, because of the sub-levels of the introspective reflection on the reader. I am finding myself pondering on many of the situations/questions that are posed throughout the book, not verbally, but they are emerging from the text.
I received this free copy for exchange of an honest review I enjoyed this book, but I don't think I would revisit it. The writing was ok, the stories were rather amusing and I had a good time reading it.
Except the author's vivid sense of humor, the rest of the book is uninteresting, common and boring. And Christian is maybe the second best asset of this book/trilogy. He is evolving throughout the pages and is the only reason to keep reading.
It's a no no for me. Erica pretty much covered it for me. https://www.goodreads.com/review/show...
I received this free copy for exchange of an honest review I think the problem with this book was completely mine. I had higher expectations and I got bored due to the writing style. It was slow and poorly written, in my point of view. But the fact that I didn't like the author's writing style is not objective, so I would like to know that people were interested in it and liked it. I wanted very much to like it as well but it was impossible. There's a good solid idea, and an interesting plot. It was one of those times that the book-reader relationship didn't work.
A quite interesting read. As an author I will probably revisit this book -it is not a one-timer. Liked the different povs.
I’ll be honest about that one. I didn’t like it first. I felt like I was reading yet another «Hunger Games» but it took me by surprise!But let me first introduce you to the characters. Our protagonist is called by the producers of the show «Zoo». The show is called «In the dark» and I think it’s pretty self-explanatory -it is a survival reality tv game. Twelve contestants fight in the wilderness for survival. In the midtime, the bets are on. Social media platforms are on fire, and the discussions never end about who might win this thing. Zoo is alone and constantly thinking about the life she left behind. Will she ever manage to get it back?Won’t say any more. It is a book full of twists and surprises, and I wouldn’t want to spoil any of them. You get close to characters only to lose them later [well, that’s expected isn’t it] and the more you learn about Zoo, the more questions you have. Alexandra Oliva has done an excellent job maintaining the interest and the suspense levels high. The narrative is fast-paced and breathtaking.And so is the main idea. It’s one of the books that you pause your reading and admire the internal works of the author’s mind. The plot is amazingly well crafted, each page draws you further in and it is a literary debut you don’t want to miss. The complexity of the idea that binds so beautifully everything together is actually deep and simple, but you have to reach the very ending until you can actually grasp it. There were times when Zoo was remembering things of the past that you almost forget she is fighting for her life. The whole book is an emotional roller-coaster that you do not see coming.In my opinion, this kind of literature cannot be limited to one genre. On a technical view, I understand why it is labelled as a dystopian novel, but it is at the same time both literary and alternative for me. It is thought provoking -and that’s an expression that not only me but most readers use for this book- and powerful. I urge readers to set aside their personal preferences and read this book as a whole. No labels, no genres. Just Zoo’s story. I am sure they will be moved, some will cry, and they will remember it for a long time to go.Alexnadra Oliva has broken the rules and her novel deserves to be a worldwide best seller. And a movie. I am always rooting for movies
I received this free copy in exchange for an honest review This was my second attempt to like Emma Donoghue, and unfortunately, it didn't work out. The good thing is that I established an opinion about her writing.For some readers, it will appear an enjoyable historical novel. It's a book that makes you want to research. I guess it's meant to make you think as well, but it doesn't last longer than 30 minutes. You move on to the next one.The characters are thoroughly unlikeable. Anna's naivete is annoying, and her whole act [I know I should take into account that it's set in the 1800's but still] whereas Lib is so poorly written that it makes you wonder if the author even liked her. The writing style is dull, same as "Room". It's slow-paced and uninteresting. The dialogues are bad and [same as Room] the child has a wrong "voice". I feel like the approach to the whole subject is superficial [and I will compare it again to Room] and it seems like the author is trying to stuff all the information and actual plot in the last 50-80 pages. But that's what makes me even more sceptical because it seems like she is overloading with twists and information only to invoke some feelings to the readers -the kind of feelings she should have built up many pages ago.I would recommend it only to her fans.
I received this free copy for exchange of an honest review I started reading the book and I was loving it but towards the middle it lost me. I know it's about old age from a humorous perspective but it gradually got me depressed. I struggled a lot to finish it, because I was getting bored of the same things over and over. Bored and sad; it's one hell of a thing to be able to self-sarcasm when your body gives up on you, just once, and another to repeat it again and again with the same self-sarcasm. I began not to like Mr. Groen because of this. I also felt like he is the big bully of the care home. Not only him but other residents as well. What I did love was the sense of humor. The writer has a great sense of humor but I think at some parts he overused his ability and in others he forgot about it completely. And that messes you up, because although you know you're supposed to be reading a book with a difficult theme, the humor lightens it up. But when the humor's not there, you feel really depressed. The title itself suggests there's a lighter -different- pov of the subject and it's what attracted me to the book. At some point though Groen gets mean. I get he has his own burden to carry but, I think the writer could have balanced it differently.I liked Mr. Groen's writing style. I may not be crazy head over heels about it, but I liked what he did there, even though I disagree with some things. The problem was that I started feeling uneasy of how old age cannot be hilarious at all [something I already knew, of course, but I was not expecting that when I started reading the book. Both the writing style and the title suggested that it is an upbeat book]. Maybe it's a cultural thing that I just couldn't get, but I was feeling sorry for the residents of the care home. It was my first book by Mr. Groen and I hope I'll have the chance to read something in English in the future because I honestly like his pov and style. It is a nice read but I am not crazy about it.
I really enjoyed reading this book. I had a good time with it. I think the cover is lovely and the story is a good crime story to keep you company. The characters are really well written, although some of them are predictive. Camilla Grebe's writing style is a classic one. Plain, simple and straight to the point, her narrative creates all the suspense you need. I wasn't mind blown by the plot or the mystery but I really loved the characters. I think they were perfectly designed and realistic. I would compare the book to the Ice Princess by Camilla Lackberg, even though I believe Mrs. Grebe's protagonists are far more interesting. I believe crime fiction readers that are fans of Lackberg or Nesbo, will enjoy this novel.
Well, I wrote the damn thing.
I received this free copy in exchange for an honest review I am no chess master, but I truly enjoyed this book very much. Stephen Moss's style is refreshing and interesting. I believe we all know some chess so it is not incomprehensible and it can be easily understood as a book. I loved his stories and his experiences, it all was realistic, funny and pure. Cleverly written with some "easter eggs" hidden in the book, you will find yourself reading a story of a man that does not take a stand as a star but as a lover of the game.I definitely recommend it to anyone who is slightly interested not only in chess but in reading a different kind of biography.
I received this free copy in exchange for an honest review I hate it when I don't finish books but I there was no other way. I did not like the characters, they were annoying. I did not like the plot. I did not like the development from the previous books and in general I did not like it.
Lost my interest from the very first pages. I was hooked by the story of Chloe but the rest of it seemed to poorly written. The cover is indifferent to me. PROS: Very good story material. There is some mystery there and suspense and all the good ingredients for a crime novel. It is just that I could not like the characters nor take them seriously.CONS: I think the minor characters are not realistic. There were things that psychologically could not be explained. The dialogues made these issues worse. I also didn't like his style of writing.Would I recommend this book.? I think not.
I received this free copy for exchange of an honest review When I usually put 1 star, 9 out of 10 times, it means that I didn't finish the book. When I don't like a book, I put 2 stars, etc. So, I really pushed myself into getting halfway through the book, and then I realized that's not the point. So what I didn't like was the writing style, the characters [especially Adrana -I couldn't stand her, and later on I hated Fura as well, so that's two out of two main characters] and the poor attempt of writing a YA book but actually addressing the readers as if they have the understanding capacity of a 6-year-old. On the other hand, some parts of the descriptions were good. And the cover. It's one hell of a cover. Other than that, I wouldn't recommend this book.
I received this free copy in exchange for an honest review I found it uninteresting. I tried very hard to like the characters but I just didn't. Although R.K Jackson has a very good writing style, fast paced, clear, engaging and the plot idea was good, I couldn't bring myself to keep on reading. The only thing that kept me going on was his style. I think the author couldn't deliver. It was too light for a story of a schizophrenic, too adventurous that distracted the reader from focusing on where Peavy has been all those years and not mysterious enough. Martha was likeable in a way but all these "special effects" took away from her and the whole attitude of all the characters seemed fake to me.I was probably expecting more from the blurb or something different. The reason I am giving 2 stars instead of 1 is because I believe that there are people who will enjoy it as a lighter read.
i received this free copy for exchange of an honest review I didn't trouble with it much after I realised it was nothing of what I expected. I liked the idea behind the plot -the blurb got my attention and it was the whole reason I wanted to read it- but unfortunately, the author didn't deliver. The characters weren't believable the least and the whole setting didn't bring you the atmosphere it was supposed to. The characters seemed to me that had the same voice -you could almost hear the author speaking. Like the puppeteer giving his puppets a voice but you know it's just one person actually speaking. The plotline was incoherent and the worst part was the actual writing style. There was no rhythm whatsoever, no style even. I really didn't like this book.
** spoiler alert ** I AM REALLY SPOILING THIS BOOKThe problem with this book -and I am speaking strictly on a personal level- was the plot and the style. But before I start rambling, I'll write a few thing about the case here. Anne and Marco have a six-month-old baby girl, Cora. Cynthia and Graham who live next door invite them for dinner but no children allowed. So they get a sitter, but she cancels an hour before dinner. Marco convinces [?] Anne that they should live the baby in with locked doors and they should take with them the half-broken baby monitor. -I will stop here and say: who ON EARTH would do that? Why am I supposed to feel sorry for the couple that they are both irresponsible and idiots? The whole blaming game between them and the crushed trust issues that appear later, since THEY BOTH DECIDED TO DO THAT, left me completely indifferent. Anyways, the plot continues: the baby gets kidnapped between their half hourly visits. Anne who has psychological issues can't handle it, and the truth comes out! She has always had a mental problem that she fades off, and she does violent things that she does not remember when she gets around. Anne admits that she hit Cora that night because she couldn't stand her crying anymore. And her pov is a pathetic and whiney rant about how afraid she's of herself not remembering if she hit Cora too hard, or smothered her. She feels responsible for the death of her kid [no one tells her her child is dead] and goes ballistic.When the police arrive, they suspect Marco because he married a wealthy girl and her parents have loads of money, and they helped him built his business that does not go well. Halfway through the book, the suspicions prove to be true. He has staged his daughter kidnap but his associate double crossed him and now acts on his own, so we have whiney rant n.2. He can't forgive himself and he can't take it any more, and he wants t confess but then he will lose Anne [whom he suddenly loves very much although the night his kid got kidnapped, he was making out in the back yard with Cynthia].So we have a psycho mother who hates herself, an idiot as a father who hates himself and her rich parents. I won't reveal who's really behind the kidnapping, but it's not hard to realise once you put two and two together. What I didn't like about the writing style is that there were so many repetitions I could feel the author trying to reach her word count goal, so she just decided "f*** this, I'll recap everything for the 100th time, so I'll make it to whatever thousand words I need to reach". The poor detective looks like an idiot, you -as a reader- can not feel sorry for anyone and they are all unlikeable. The only reason I kept on reading was because of the poor baby but even if she gets rescued or not [I won't tell] you feel like no one from this family should have her, and they should call social services. The ending is predictable and very much unsatisfying. So both the plot and the characters are poorly written [it seems amateurish on a certain level], the dialogues are not working, and there are so many repetitions that you jump paragraphs. I am so disappointed with this one. I really was expecting a whole lot more, and it was a huge letdown.
I received this free copy in exchange for an honest review I read the blurb and some reviews before choosing this book, and I thought to myself "why not?". Well, I should have listened to my instinct because it is definitely not my style. I found it boring and overrated. I pushed myself in order to finish it, and I neither regret it or feel that it was a good thing that I did. That on a personal level.I must admit though that it is very well documented, and the historical era, as well as the country's traditions, are very well researched and depicted. The characters are well written but could be better. I liked the plot [I was not crazy about it] but I felt it is predictable. Some of the character's seemed fake, and some others were completely balanced and realistic. The writing style is slow paced and dry.I believe readers that are keen to this writing style will thoroughly enjoy it and it is recommendable for all readers that are interested in Russian historical fiction of the 1800's.
I received this free copy for exchange of an honest review I am afraid I haven't previously read anything from Douglas Perry. Mammoth was engaging at first. The whole atmosphere and the feelings that surround you as you get to meet this small town's people are unique. First third of the book was captivating; you can't tell what's going on, you have no clue what is happening and you constantly feel like something is haunting you. I was delighted that this novel was getting my attention.And then something happened. It threw me completely off. Maybe it was the amount of subplots of the numerous characters. Or probably, it had to do with the fact that the main theme [the earthquake or attack on Mammoth] somehow got irrelevant. I did not care for many of the characters. I admit that Torri was the only one that managed to hold my attention and I got bored.Somehow this does not discourage me. I believe the author has proved that he has great potential. I really would like to read future works. If he can create such a captivating atmosphere once, I am sure he can do it again. His characters were complete -although their stories derailed the story from it's main plot and his style is good.
*I received a free copy in exchange for an honest review*It was impossible to read. The sentences were too long, you can't keep up with the characters and it seems like you started reading in the middle of the story [not the media res, good technique, that I absolutely love] but the one that is similar to deciding to watch a tv show and you begin from season 3 episode 7 and not even from the start but from the middle of the episode. The style is outdated and the whole thing is a letdown.
I received this free copy in exchange for an honest review It was a very interesting read and well written. I had a good time reading it, although I don't think I'll remember it after a few days. It was my first book of the series, but that didn't cause me any problems. I believe the fans of the series will love it. It was short and rich so it's very much enjoyable.The historical setting and the research about it were accurate and the crime gets your attention from the first paragraph. The plot develops well and it is interesting to follow around DI Tom Harper -although I found him a bit boring. Some characters are also a bit stiff but that's ok. The dialogues, I do realise that they should be written according to the era, but they were a bit slow.I am sure that many people will find it interesting and the fans of the series will love it.
i received this free copy for exchange of an honest review 3.5 stars!To be honest I liked "Broken Dolls" more than "Shattered Girls". The author had managed in the first one to create such mystery that you could cut it with a knife. Eerie atmosphere with quite dark premises, Broken Dolls was one of the good books I've read in the genre. Not that Shattered Girls is not, it is just that I didn't like the turn of events.PROS: -It's a decent sequel to the first one.-It is nice to see Ella realizing she loves her family-Tyrolin Puxty's writing is captivating.-The original idea is very good.-I personally loved the way it ended, I can’t wait to read the next one!CONS:-It does not possess any of those ingredients that made the first novel unique in the first place. There's no eerie atmosphere, no mystery. However, there is suspense and lots of action.-Does not bring similarly strong emotions as the first one.-I did expect more from the plot, to get more in depth, like the first one.I am one of the few people I suppose that they're gonna tell you that they do not like the covers. It’s not my style, I would expect something less colorful and more captivating, either in sketch or photo. The books deserve better. I will most definitely read the third part because I grew fond of the characters! I would recommend it to teenage girls 13-15 but not to the YA audience. It's like a creepy children's fairy tale and I say that in a positive way!
I received this free copy in exchange for an honest review I liked it very much. It was different than other coming of age books and deeply moving. Shelby will definitely stay with me for a long time. I could feel her pain and her emptiness and all the changes in her all the way through. The story was amazing. I loved witnessing the personal journey Shelby has to take in order to be able to finally forgive herself. I loved how changes were not forced but came naturally, and she was exploring her feelings every time something occurred. Being able to forgive one's self is maybe the hardest journey of all.All the characters were special, well written and interesting. I loved how realistic they came out. I would like to point out that it is probably one of the few times the character's pets have an independent personality and they are separate in the reader's mind. Very well written.The writing style is what I personally like: pure, deep and meaning full. The reason I am giving three stars is personal. Although I liked the book, I did not go crazy about it. There was something missing for me, and I think it's simply because I am not at Shelby's age. I didn't feel it took me to church as other books do. Nonetheless, it is a well-written book, and I know that probably younger readers will appreciate it more. I intend to talk about it as much as I can. And what a cover that is!
***Review to be posted shortly
I received this free copy for exchange of an honest reviewIt's actually 3.5 stars.It was like a breath of fresh air! I have never read anything by Mrs. Schroder and I enjoyed this book very much. I loved Wren and her mother. The relationship is so accurate [mothers and daughters will know] that it grasps your attention immediately. Both of them are trying to deal with the death of Wren's father. Each one with her own way. Wren is at middle school and she devotes herself to an environmental cause [which has a sentimental value for her] and finds herself a new friend, one that she would unlikely have chosen in other circumstances. I believe Wren is a girl that all of us can relate to. She is not the cool girl, she is nerdy, she can't hide her feelings easily, she has outbursts, she misses her dad, she loves, LOVES, animal, she is pissed off with her mum. It was all too familiar. I think Monika Schroder did a great job taking me back 20 years ago. The author has a "discrete" style, if I can say so, that urges the reader [and especially the younger ones] to get in touch with ones real feelings. The subject was hard [losing a parent] and the way that it develops, with Wren focusing on saving Pete's Pond which is probably the truest thing a child of that age would do, and her mum containing all this pain and anger, was completely realistic and true. And by saying discrete, I mean that the author didn't spend 400 pages tear jerking us, neither did she had to create firework scenes [as I call them] in order to appeal to the readers' emotions. It was honest, direct and subtle.I will definitely read her other books. I recommend it to everyone!
I received this free copy in exchange for an honest review This was a lovely and moving story from the beginning to the end. A lot of unexpected twists and realistic, interesting characters take place in it. Although my primary disagreement is the writing style [I really don't like this kind of novels] I must admit that I acknowledge it's craft and it's technique, and I know it's mesmerising for many readers, so Mrs. Busquets has mastered in her craft.The characters broke my heart. All of them. I felt for them; I fell in love with them, and they got under my skin. The plot. It's interesting and well presented. It's an engaging story that will captivate the readers and travel back in the 1980's with Anna, Maria, Teresa and Mark. Music is another key figure in the story. She brings them all together. Many secrets unveil and many truths come out on the surface.Although it annoys me when in a literary text everything is weaved together, and there's so much lyricism, I do not think readers should take this part of my opinion into account. I am sure that many people will love it.
Captivating from start to finish. A great writer who can confuse and puzzle the reader. Totally worth reading.
You cannot fully grasp the eminence of such a a classic piece of literature until the very end and then you wanna re-read the whole book. It was also exhilarating to read how a man starts falling apart by his own selfish wishes.
MOST UNIQUE GIRL THE ONLY GIRL IN THE WORLDDD
Funny, clever satire! (-1 star for the racist imperialistic undertone in the first pages)
Average math enjoyer . Incel.
A tiny bit whimsical
Dude really let his intrusive thoughts win
Human midlife crisis book
Very interesting! 🦓🦓🦓🦓The way this book gets its message through is very elegant. You judge the protagonist and he judges you back.
So cute!!! 🐢 Emma's literally me except were nothing alike
Makes you want to finish your dinner faster to continue reading it!
Girl in the portrait: staaahp playing videogames and notice meee spenpai w_w Interesting story
Gave me nightmares and made my period start 3 days earlier
Everyone hates America
Emily I want to dig up your grave and hug you too
The Germans woke up and chose violence
ΔΕ ΒΡΙΣΚΩ ΤΗ ΣΩΣΤΗ ΕΚΔΟΣΗ ΑΛΛΑ ΕΧΥΣΑ ΠΑΛΙ. She walks in beauty like the nighttt πάμε λουδιττεςςςςς!!!!!!!!
Ωχ θεέ μου this book definitely influenced me as a kid ΑΛΛΑ ΝΙΩΘΩ ΔΙΑΦΟΡΕΤΙΚΑ ΤΩΡΑ ΚΑΤΑΝΟΩΝΤΑΣ ΟΤΙ Η ΑΛΑΣΚΑ ΗΤΑΝ Ο ΟΡΙΣΜΟΣ ΤΟΥ ΜΑΝΙΚ ΠΙΞΙ ΝΤΡΙΜ ΓΚΕΡΛ και δεν ξέρω . Let women be real people ❤️🍜
For full experience read while menstruating
Welsh notices that the football craze divides the working class. Footbal team fanatics demonize supporters of others teams instead of focusing on their true oppressors, the elite. Dude tried to be feminist but he doesn't know how to write women. Probably spent most of his life with a " no girls allowed" sign on his bedroom door.
Not really into crime fiction, don't take this review very seriously
He's got a point but I didn't find the last story "humoristic" at all. Minus 2 stars because it was anticlimactic.
Life changing!!!
I want to be an artist too
I don't remember much
Hell is other people .THE PLOT AND INTERPRETATION OF HELL ARE SOOOO COOL.
Cat in the WALL
What the fuck was that
I want his head ¡¡ on a plate!! (Scary and sensual)
Painfully cringe
Did not find interesting when I was 11
NORMAL PEOPLE DONT RELATE TO MR MCWILLIAMSEye-opening for sure
Kinda dreamy!
i miss life before i’d read this book
i read this with my boyfriend:)
"the natal waters of her ocean"
omg!!! omg!!! omg!!! How musical and heartfelt and cozy and exciting and mellow at once. The impressionable, imaginative mind of the child seeping into the adult-self's soliloquy. The child's words lyrical and raw (would be an oxymoron but not in this case - "we look at the world once, in childhood; the rest is memory") flowing into the adult's (parent's?) narration. It gets u sensitive and open with all the anakoloutha and the humor arising coincidentally from the child's uncultivated speech, renders u as impressionable as this young kid who's seeing everything for the first time bc thomas' prose defamiliarizes and makes new and fresh everything good about the world. Very meta but not in a way that makes the text appear ashamed/afraid of itself, as all the metalanguage balances out the emotional narrative of the younger self. Radiates a sense of comfort, a smell of salty air, a vague feeling of the Numinous. Leaves you with a bittersweet taste. No doubt the narrator shares the feeling. Ηe still hasnt lost his special gift of being able to view the world with his inner-child's eye, making it new again and again and again through wonderful words words words.How splendid to still be discovering new favorite stories!!!!
O public road, I say back I am not afraid to leave you, yet I love you,You express me better than I can express myself,You shall be more to me than my poem.I think heroic deeds were all conceiv’d in the open air, and all free poems also,I think I could stop here myself and do miracles,I think whatever I shall meet on the road I shall like, and whoever beholds me shall like me,I think whoever I see must be happy.
It's the same with the first book
Guess one of the most interesting books I've ever read...
Really good but I didn't like the end....
Such a nostalgic read. I have seen the movies a thousand times but I never got the chance to read the books. So I decided to start the series. The books are definitely better. The movies have a plethora of plot-holes so now I can understand some things a lot better. In conclusion I loved this book and I can't wait to read the rest.
My favourite book ever. The plot and the characters were amazing. A f-ing piece of art.
"Shallow people don't stare at the ocean as deeply as you do..."Colleen Hoover did it again ladies and gentlemen. She made me cry because of a book. I read this fucking book in one sitting. It was just beautiful the vibes, the characters, the romance. It caused me so much pain but the end didn't disappoint me at all. GO READ IT LIKE NOW!?!?
THIS GIRL MADE ME FORGET THAT I AM A RAGING FEMINIST.
I think it's my least favourite from Karen McManus. The plot was amazing but I didn't feel so connected to the characters like I did in her other books. Cal was my favourite but still didn't feel connected. It remains a good book though.
Even though it was a good book it had plenty of flaws. First of all it was really easy to figure out the plot twist. I realized it on the 121th page. Secondly, even though I did love the main couple it had some moments that gave me second hand embarrassment. Lastly that transphobic joke was a little too far. Aside from all these the story was really good and original. I really liked the politics and the dystopian vibe. I will read the second book but I am cautious.
I am not crying. Really. My favourite book from the series so far. The introduction of Sirius and Lupin was phenomenal. I love them so much. The plot of the book was so good. Especially the whole time travel thing was so smart I got chills. The part I really liked was the friendship of the golden trio. I think it grew so much in this book. I want to say more but I am starting the 'Goblet of fire' like right now.
WHO'S CUTTING ONIONS HERE? I can't believe this journey has come to an end. I really loved this book. I enjoyed the character of Winter. She was unique and she definitely deserved better. Her and Jacin were so cute I want to cry just thinking of them. I loved the action and the politics. I am just saying this book was a fucking rollercoaster but I didn't want the ride to end. I am gonna miss the Lunar chronicles so much. Okay I stop because I am gonna cry again.
Yeap, that got me out of my reading slump.
I didn't have high expectations for this book. But I ended up loving it. America is a lovely protagonist and I can't decide who I want for her Maxon or Aspen. Looking forward to read the sequels.
I'm still crying.
Trying so hard to be Sebastian Fitzek and for what? (But I have to admit the plot twist was pretty good actually)
"But maybe I am Mr. Fox, too. We can argue about it in hell."OMG!?!?It was so much better than "We were liars". The characters? The plot? The romance? The angst? The plot twists?It had me looking at the wall for hours. And also I loved the morally grey main character trope sm.
In this book Harry is starting to show his first signs of PTSD. He suffers from anxiety and panic attacks and has a hero complex. He thinks he can save everyone. But in reality...he can't. As I was reading this book all I could think about was the fact that poor Harry can't catch a FUCKING BREAK. Like that dude loses everyone. I cried a lot reading this. Especially in the last chapters. I especially cried for Neville. His backstory is so heartbreaking. The golden trio (Hermione, Harry, Ron) remain my favourite characters and I have grown an affection for the twins. I fucking hated the ship Cho and Harry. They were so incompatible. Like what J.K. Rowling was even thinking. They were better in the movies for sure. I loved the growth between Ron and Hermione. Yes, I will defend this ship even if it's the last thing I will do. Also FUCK YOU DRACO MALFOY I DON'T CARE IF YOU'RE HOT. That's all. I am gonna go start Half-blood prince because I am invested.
Definitely better than the first one. Cinder really grew up on me in this book. She became a strong and independent woman. She realized who she was and didn't hesitate a second.Scarlett is an amazing new character. I really loved her. And her and Wolf? Just perfection. Enemies to lovers? Betrayal? I MEAN. The highlight of the book was definitely Thorne. This man is so funny and charming. Can't wait to see more of him in "Cress".In other words this book was great. Starting "Cress" like right now.
Why did I sob to a Colleen Hoover's book?
Okay the "Harry Potter series" have officially gotten dark. The things are serious and the characters are not happy anymore. They are traumatized. In this book Harry was my favourite. He has grown so much and he deserves the world. My pure baby. Ron pissed me off. A lot. But I still love him. Hermione is the best and she is such a powerful activist. Cedric Digorry was an angel and DIDN'T DESERVE TO DIE. I can't come to terms with his death. It was so unfair. I am scared to start the "Order of the Phoenix".
"Hope is like a shard of glass. Tread on it, and you'll end up wincing with every step. The best policy is to tweezer it out. Sure, it will hurt like billy-o and the wound will take a while to heal, but after that you can walk again."Sebastian Fitzek did it again. He made my mind blow. This man has the ability to confuse you to the point that you don't understand what the fuck you are reading. This book was so great I could talk about it for hours. A perfect mystery book with a plethora of amazing plot-twists. Someone please erase it from my memory so I can read it again.
Well yeah. I pulled an all-nighter. This book is the last book of the One of us is lying history. I can't even explain how much I love these books. They are the reason I started to read in the first place. I am gonna miss the Murder crew. OMG WHY DO I WANT TO CRY? Nate and Bronwyn getting their happy ending healed something in me. Also why is Addy like the greatest character ever? I loved her so much in this book. The plot twists were great. I got chills in every chapter. Karen McManus the genius you are. That's all. I am gonna go continue crying 'cause I'll never get them back again.
I decided to read Shadow and bone again because I had to remember some things because Season 2 of the tv show is releasing in March. I have to say that when I first read the book I didn't like it. I have given it 2 stars. But now that I reread it I really enjoyed it. I fucking hate Darkling. I will never understand how this man has fans. He is a fucking abuser . Okay I get it Ben Barnes is hot but that man is so boringly evil. Alina and Mal are Endgame. And I will not even hesitate. PERIOD. Genya for me is the most tragic character with the worst backstory. Leigh Bardugo how could you. That's all. I am gonna start Seige and Storm now becuase I am invested again into the Grisaverse.
OH MY GOD!?!? WHAT A MASTERPIECE. I thought this book was gonna be a romance book but I was so wrong. It was so much more. The emotions this book put me through. Joy, sadness, anger, pain. Mostly pain. A great book that I recommend with eyes closed. And oml the plot twist at the end. Just...It was just perfection.
"I am not a religious person but I do sometimes think God made you for me." Okay I get why this book is so popular but I just couldn't get into it. Connell and Marianne frustrated me so fucking much. Like just talk to each other JESUS. The miscommunication trope killed me tbh. I hate no, no I loathe this trope. These two didn't need each other they needed therapy. They both had traumas and they should have tried to cope with them. Overall it was a decent book and I can say the characters were really relatable in some situations. But yeah it didn't have any effect on me. Also I hated the lack of the speech marks. WHERE WERE THEY?
Okay it is really hard for me to rate a book this low but I found it that bad. Leeds was so fucking stupid and irrelevant. Like that guy was so bland. He fell in love with a fucking ghost and abused his girlfriend for her. The plot twist was not even good. It was like the author couldn't find anything else. The love story was boring af and I just couldn't get into it.Colleen I love you girl but what was that?
After all these years this book is still making me cry. It portrays so well serious topics such us grooming. I recommend it with eyes closed. PS: I have forgotten how much I loved Billy.
Best political dystopian book award goes to...I forgot how mych I loved the hunger games. I have only seen the movies so now it is time to read the book series. I really liked this book. It camouflages so well the politics it is impressing. The characters have so much depth and are so complicated it amazes me. My favourite was by far Peeta. MY BOY CAN DO NOTHING WRONG AND I STAND BY THAT. I WILL DEFEND HIM WITH MY LIFE. Also my tears couldn't stop running to this particular death. The death that started it all.
"You know what is the problem with heroes and saints, Nikolai? They always end up dead"WHAT DID I JUST READ?Why the hell does this book gets so much hate? I loved it even more than the first one. First of all I am so proud of my girl Alina. She is finally understanding how much power she holds. Like girl you can beat everyone of these stupid people you are interacting with. Bro I didn't like Mal very much in this book. He was like "At LeAsT zOyA lEtS mE tOuCh her." SHUT THE FUCK YOU MYSOGYNISTIC PIECE OF SH*T. Like Alina was fucking traumatised. I see that he loves her and he has given up a lot of things but like he had no right to say that. Nikolai was truly a comedic relief and an entertaining character. But to be honest I can't see the hype about him. I was like okay you have good lines and you are charming but he didn't carry the book as people keep saying. Also the fact that he kissed Alina without consent wasn't very dear to me. But he has grown to me. That's all. Darkling remains boring, Genya's storyline makes me sob everytime and I hate the royal family (except the privateer). I am gonna go start Ruin and Rising because where the fuck is the fire bird?
Why haven't I read this book earlier? It is a fucking piece of art. Jude was told that she is no killer and the girl took it all seriously. She literally went down and took everyone with her. Cardan? I am so fucking in love with this man. Seriously I hated him in the start. By the end he had me giggling and screaming. I liked romance being a subplot and politics being the main. It was just perfect. Someone erase it from my memory so I can read it again.
THOSE FUCKING PIGS. I CAN'T EVEN.
Now this is how you write a good slowburn. Definitely better than the first one. Hannah and Fox didn't irritate or cringed me at all like Piper and Brendan. They were so cute and the tension was just perfect. Totally worth the hype.
Loved the book, hated the movie. It was a fun read. Harry, Ron and Hermione have grown since the last year. They are more brave and smart. Voldemort coming back and being Hert was such a good plot twist. My hate on this man is becoming bigger and bigger. I am starting to ship Romione. They are just so cute. I love that Ron is so protective of her. And also the Percy storyline was so funny and I can't believe it was something that simple.
OMG! When I saw that the 15th book has been published the teen in me literally screamed out of happiness. I have been reading these books since I was 11. This book was good but not that good. Definitely better than the last one which was a disaster (sorry not sorry).Nikki remains relatable as fuck. Also I missed the Brandon and Nikki context. WHEN WILL THEY BECOME A COUPLE? I will have kids and they still will have secret crushes on each other. The slow burn is killing me. The book made me laugh but it wasn't as good as the other books but overall it was enjoyable. Also the Miraculous ladybug reference made me scream.
3.5/5 ⭐I definitely liked the series more. But it is such a beautiful book with such great stories. I loved the writing style and the characters. Looking forward to read her other books.
I got to say it was quite a surprise for such a few pages. I found the story really original. The fact that Charlie was able to remember his past lives was quite interesting and different than what we see. I liked very much that the anonymous (some say it's the author of the book aka Rudyard Kipling) narrator was a reflection of the greed and the egoism that characterizes the human species. Overall it was a really good book but not that great to give it more than 3 or tbh 3.5 stars.
Thought this was going to be a mystery book not a book about us, the OCD girlies.
Who's cutting onions here?
Okay this book was SOO good. It had it all. Action, drama, comedy. I loved it. The truth is it is not my favourite from the series I enjoyed Scarlett more. Thorne is one of the best male characters I have met in the books I have read. He is funny, charming, compassionate. I just love him so much. Cinder becomes better and better. She is finally realising who she is. And her reunion with Kai had me in tears. Cress was a great character. Her story was very sad but also compelling. I gave it 4 stars because of the lack of Wolf and Scarlett whom I loved so much. Can't wait for Winter.
Okay my mind has just exploded.
HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO WAIT FOR THE THIRD SEASON OF BRIDGERTON AFTER THIS?
"Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living. And above all those who live without love."Yes I am crying. Yes I have no feelings. This beautiful journey has come to an end unfortunately. I am gonna miss Harry Potter so much. I bonded with the characters. This book really broke my heart. Many characters I loved died (emphasis on Dobby and Fred). Harry really suffered and it aches my heart because he really deserved so much better. I really liked Ron in this book. He is my favourite. YES I SAID IT. And his relationship with Hermione is so fucking beautiful. They are the best Harry Potter ship. Argue with the wall. The redemption arc for Percy and Snape was amazing. I forgave them both instantly I don't care. The secrets of Dumbledore and his past were for me the most interesting part because it shows how bad of a person he truly was. And I can't believe Harry named his child after him. That's why the Chosen one didn't get into Ravenclaw. And Neville. My precious baby finally showed his strength and his worth. That's all. I am gonna go cry and stare at my wall for hours to figure out what am I gonna do with my life right now.
The first book of Agatha Christie that I read. I really liked this book. It was so interesting and fun to read. And the ending really blowed my mind. It misses one star because I got bored when they were questioning the passengers of the train. But other than that I loved it.
If that isn't a prediction for Covid-19 then I don't know what it is.
Why is every character on this damn book (except Aubrey and Archer) so irritating? Like stfu.
"I know so many last words. But I will never know hers." Okay when I started reading this book I was in a dilemma to either continue reading it or just ditching it. I am glad I continued. This book was so weirdly beautiful and so god damn painful. I can't describe it. I just loved it. It changed my perspective over John Green's writing so it was that good.
This is "Shameless" but for rich people.
"Because they are just husbands. i am Evelyn Hugo." What a masterpiece. The year of 2023 in books has started really well. Once again Taylor Jenkins Reid has left me speechless with her writing. The concept of the interview is really clever. I liked the morally grey main character trope. I loved Evelyn even though she sometimes made selfish things. I could see myself in her. Her love life was truly complicated and I love that it wasn't the only thing that mattered in the story. Also the truth is I didn't really care about Monique. She was a bland character and her chapters were really boring. Overall it was quite a journey and for the record I did tear up a lot of times. Can't wait to read more from Taylor.
It was a fun cute quick read :)
"- What if I don't care? - I care."By far my favourite book on the series. IT WAS SO GOOD. We learnt more about Voldemort's past which I found really interesting. I like it when we are informed for the villains stories. We also learn a lot about the Malfoy family. And even though I despise Draco I can see that there is some good in him. Really deep down. I loved the ships in this book. Romione is starting to bloom and Hinny is so good. We were robbed in the movies. But my favourites were Billy and Fleur. Those two are made for each other. And everyone's behaviour towards Fleur was unforgivable. This book broke me the most. The ending was just so sad and heartbreaking. I needed a minute to process it. It was just perfect.
Fuck this book for making me cry like a fucking baby.
This book was extremely beautiful. The love story between the two protagonists was truly unique. Although Aurélie truly deserved better. It was a cliché romance book but I really enjoyed it.
The ending I was craving. Atlas and Lily are truly soulmates. They are just meant to be. They are perfect. Ryle is a fucking asshole and I hope that he will be eaten by a fucking pterodactyl :)I really liked the side characters (emphasis on the superior couple Alisha and Marshall). And I LOVED the friendship between Josh and Theo. They were so freaking cute. Overall it was a good romance book but yeah it doesn't compare to 'It ends with us'.
I don't have emotions right now. Thanks Adam Silvera for making me cry.
This book is a masterpiece and no one can convince me otherwise.
OMG!?!? I wanted to read this book for nearly a year and I just couldn't find it anywhere. Now that I got the chance to have it in my hands I am so fucking greatful that I got to read it. The plot twists were amazing. I would have never guessed the killer it was so surprising. Pippa was so fucking smart and stubborn. What a beautiful protagonist. I love her. Ravi made my standards for men even higher. Like I am in love with this man. One of the best YA mysterys I have ever read. Go read it like now.
I loved this book. It's so comforting and sweet! I think the kids will love this story and they will send a kiss to their loved ones who passed away. As a kindergarten teacher in a bilingual school, I will use this book to remind my students that their loved ones will always be with them in their memories! It's super kids-friendly, especially for little kids aged 3-6.
An amazing book with a touching story, narrated in a simple language yet so beautifully done. Children from different cultures and countries gather together, and they try as a team to solve the riddle "Where am I from?''. The final and "correct" answer to the question as an epilogue, made me tear up. The illustrations of the book are something totally new in publishing as they are real graffiti/murals that the artist painted with spray paint on the walls of schools. So, this book has been created and spread all over schools. How beautiful is that?As a kindergarten teacher, I'm sure my students will love it. In fact, it inspired me to organize activities in order to teach them about the different countries of the world and where we all come from.
Do not recommend at all. This is a book made just to boost lois ego, and make sure everyone that reads it thinks he is the best. I mean, sure confidence is nice, but this is a joke. Buy something else..
Sad to say that this one was not it. I started immediately after the cliffhanger from the previous book, but I am disappointed. I dont think Camilla knew what she wanted from this book. The crime side of it was pretty much obvious (you could tell what was happening) and its not even a good crime story. And the side stories at this one? You thought at the end everything would be connected but it feels like it was just to get the extra pages.The rest was really repetitive. How melberg is terrible at his job, how bad erica had it with maya, how much coffee everyone drinks etc. She tried to include too much from previous books and that was both tiring and boring. Since the series continues there should be something new besides babies... And the whole anna thing was unnecessary, she had gone through enough... I really hope the next one is better
** spoiler alert ** "The 39 steps" is a book that gained my interest from the title and from the way others described it, but I can say that I didn't really like it. Not only I got bored and unmotivated from the very beginning of the book, but I feel like there are many plot gaps, as well. I couldn't really understand why Hanney got involved in this and I felt like the whole pursue was meaningful. The end, which is actually bad, did disappoint me, 'cause it escalated really quickly. In general, my expectations for this book was really high in the beginning, but the actual book didn't even reached the bottom of them.
“The packet” got me staying up all night just to finish it. This book was such an awesome read· I loved Fitzek's descriptions as much as I loved the plot. It is not only a book full of plot twists and rapid evolution, but it is really easy to read, as well. I'm highly recommending this one.
This is by far the best book I've ever read! It not only has many plot twists and great storytelling, but it is genius, as well. Readers know from the very beginning of the book who is the killer, but they stay in the edge of their seat till the last page!
If I were ever asked to make a list with books that have even slightly changed my perspective to the world; the way I see it, «Inferno» would be surely included.
"One step behind" is such an awesome book with many plot twists and really good development.
This book was such a nice read! It's written in simple, yet beautiful language. I loved the fact that the whole book is written from a kid's view, making it more detailed and interesting. I should mention that I'm impressed by how well it dealt with racism and I think I haven't loved a fictional character more than Atticus ever before. I really loved this book!(I gave it four stars, only because at some points it was a bit boring)
«The silent patient» is such a great book of its category. Full of motivating and psychological quotes, it makes the reader understand every single feeling Theo or Alisia feels. It has simple, but beautiful descriptions and such an awesome plot twist in the end. I was really shooked when I understood what was actually going on, it was so clever!
“The Institute” is an excellent well-written book with detailed, beautiful descriptions and awesome storytelling; the plot is completely unique and clever. I really appreciated and loved the fact that the characters of the book were different kinds of people, thus there was diversity; sth that should exist in every book. “The Institute” was the first King's book I've read, but I can easily say that Stephen King totally deserves the admiration and popularity he has gained through his books.
I'm shocked from how good this book was, it got me on the edge of my seat the whole time. I appreciate so much the fact that Dan Brown combines beautifully the interesting plot with plenty of knowledge and unpopular opinions. I totally loved the controversial connection between the plot's mystery and the hopeful end.
It's been a year or two since the first time I read that book and I may not remember many things about it, but I can easily remember how much I disliked this book. The protagonist was so shallow and actually the whole plot wasn't my thing.
“Veronica decides to die” is the second Coelho's book I've read so far. After “the Alchemist”, this one turned out to be a bit boring while the plot was proceeding slowly. Until half of the book, I found myself thinking of quitting reading it, but I'm quite glad I didn't. The book has many morals and makes you think about things that normally, you wouldn't.
«The Dogs of Riga» is another awesome novel based on Curt Wallander's job and life. It's a book full of plot twists that describes not only a mystery and how Curt found out the solution, but it also shows the realistic aspect of a police officer's life.
I absolutely liked this book! The plot was not only full of mystery, but it was interesting as well. Every clue added to the mysterious puzzle was actually so clever! Also, I appreciated the fact that the whole book gives an extremely different vibe of religions and, even though I don't know if all of what is written is true, I could easily believe that these things have truly happened and, basically, I loved the whole 'vibe'. Moreover, I liked the ending in terms of characters' development and despite me being skeptic about the way it ended really smoothly (while the book had much action), this book has gained a place among my favorites.Not to mention how much I loved Sophie,, she is a true beauty (I liked the fact that the only female character, playing an important role on the book, was described as a clever, powerful and creative woman)!
The title gain my interest in just a few seconds, however the first page lost it immediately. Undoubtedly, humor is plenty in this book, but so does boredom. Every page explains one specific phrase with different words that have the same meaning and not-so-interesting examples.
I started reading Escape on my way to work (one and a half hours commute each way) and finished it on the way back. I was so engrossed, I missed my bus stop! I was almost finished and I just had to know! Who cares about walking twenty minutes in the cold?Penny, the heroine, is very relatable and I found myself rooting for her to find her Escape from her disheartening life in England in a wonderfully depicted quaint Spanish seaside resort. Although halfway through the book, I couldn’t help but see her as the horror-film chick who opens the creaky door to the dark basement and decides to go down when everyone screams “Don’t!”, her background story fully justifies her actions and decisions. However, three-quarters in, the story turns dark and sinister, and while I knew I was reading a thriller, this felt like an inconsistency with the feel and tone of the first part, and that’s the only reason, I’m not giving this book five solid stars. Because when it comes to writing, Ms Little does an excellent job! Beautiful descriptions without being too wordy, true emotion that doesn’t turn angsty and rich settings that sucked me right in. I really enjoyed reading Escape, and I really hope there is a sequel. Ms Little has found a fan in Greece!
At 13, Katie is fed up with her embarrassing life. Wearing only hand-me-downs, being constantly criticized by her overcriticizing, coupon-wielding mom and ignored by her father who has a new family and a cute, talented new daughter to dote on, she wants nothing more than to be invisible. Until Anika who hangs out with the popular OH girls takes her under her wing ... to show her how to shoplift. Mortification holds nothing to the embarrassment of letting Anika down, but when everything that can go wrong does, Anika points the finger to her. Katie's world crumbles, and that's how she turns to binging and purging. Which oddly enough is comforting. She's finally found a way to cleanse herself of the eternal embarrassment and stress her middle school causes, but hiding her new habit proves too hard. Especially when her family says crazy stuff like she's getting thin, and she has to stop. Because that's the biggest problem of all. She can't.This is a must-read book. We all have read about or seen people with (and some may have experienced) eating disorders, but it's the first time I read the full account through a thirteen-year-old girl's perspective. The overwhelming I-look-like-shit angst that feels silly to an adult but is choking to a young girl, the need to fit in, the broken family where adults try too hard the wrong way, the hit-and-miss friends who make things worse through no fault of their own muddle a young girl's outlook to the point of total misery. And if self-image is the prominent issue, the development of an eating disorder looms as the go-to solution.Told exclusively through the heroine's point of view, as if reading a diary, the reader delves into the mind of a thirteen-year-old and faces the struggle between knowing that all this heavy perception of superficial things is age-related and trivial and accepting that, to a young girl, it's her whole world. And that's where the trap lies. If an adult dismisses all that as nonsense, the battle to bring a lost teenager around could be lost.Whether you are raising a girl or are close to someone raising a girl, this book is an eye-opener.
She: Leah, 29, completely broke, one step before homelessness, her purse is empty but her heart full of love for life and hope for something that will change her luck. Well, it's not that darn ring she found in the fountain!He: James, 39, the go-to plastic surgeon for celebrities. A tragic event messed up his orderly life, and he's shouldered family responsibilities that don't fit. He's doing his best to help out, but everything seems to fall apart. Yet his mind keeps going back to the obviously crazy, hippy chick that keeps bumping into him.Conflict: It's the most unlikely duo I've read. A frazzled, juju-believing, totally disorganized woman and a put-together, career-oriented professional clash (literally) and find each other with a huge karmic boost.Setting: Modern-day Manhattan. From highbrow surgeon offices and Cartier sales people to the ailing homeless and eighties Bronx castoffs, it's a vibrant mix.Chemistry: Very slow building. It's the case where logic says WTF? but your gut says "go for it and you won't be sorry". As the protagonists' relationship comes toward the end of the book, I expected a low heat or glossed-over come together, but, no, they go down with a bang!The good stuff: This story is structured in a very original way. The first third is from Leah's point of view; in the second third, we rewind to the beginning of the story, and see James' life, and in the last third, one chapter is Leah, the next James. The voices are very distinct. Leah's is roll-on-the-floor hilarious, James more serious, matching his grave situation, so the middle part of the book is more somber. I loved the change of pace, and how complete the story felt told from both sides. The characters are full-fleshed and fully developed, real, relatable and loveable. The secondary characters are just awesome. The wit, especially in the first third of the book, deserves a prize. I can't remember laughing so hard, staring at my Kindle.The other stuff: Nothing important, really. Maybe the fact that there was a rewind when James took over, and we got to re-see the two of them bump into each other, knowing how that would play out, took some of the excitement away. The middle part of the book doesn't push the story forward; it's just retold. I'm not sure if having alternating voices in each chapter from the beginning wouldn't work better. But, if that's the author's personal style, I'm game.The bottom-line: Excellent book. You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll swoon (bare-chested guy holding a baby? Swoon!) you'll never regret reading this.I was offered an ARC in exchange for an honest review.
After reading the Acknowledgement section, it finally made sense. This was Jennifer Armentrout's first book, and she thanks her publisher for making it see the world. It made sense to me because it honestly didn't feel like a book by JA. Having devoured the Lux series (although I don't really enjoy YA) and inhaled Obsession, I felt quite disinterested and detached from the world she's building here. The heroine is up to par, but the male characters, the Nephilim, who are supposed to have been around since Adam and Eve felt very human, vulnerable and, well, not like immortal warriors should feel. What also bothered me was the weird POV allocation: in Lux, for the most part, we have a first person POV (makes sense since it's a YA novel), Obsession has two POVs, but here we have everyone's POV (including villains that die very soon in the book) apart from Julian's (the main male character's). Okay, Julian is hot, no doubts there, but in terms of character development he just loves Lilly. That's it. The way he's presented--secretive about his past, his daytime activities--the reader gets the impression that some major plot twist will eventually come up, but, no, Julian is just a hot Fallen (who shouldn't really be a Fallen) and he loves Lilly, has great sex with Lilly, turns Dom-ish from time to time (that was kind of weird) and then goes on to love Lilly. And since this appears to be the first of a series, I wonder, if the other Nephilim will eventually get their own book, will JA continue the trend and present their own POV in every book apart from the one where they become the main character?Having said that, I will give the next book a try to see if, after gaining experience from writing her other books, JA will take this series up to the level of her later work.
Reckless does not begin to describe Lady Sophia. Holding an embarrassing secret she thinks will keep her a spinster, she's given herself a mission: to retrieve missing girls--of the ill-repute kind. Their cases pleaded by similarly occupied friends or family members who can't afford a runner and who magistrates scoff at, Sophie does everything in her power to locate the kidnapper even when he turns out to be a vicious murderer. And since a woman cannot traipse into brothels and gaming hells, Sophie presents herself as Sir Stephen.Bus, soon, "Sir Stephen" finds herself in need of brawn and brains, and the best man to provide both is Viscount Quint--her friend, minus that devastating kissing incident years before. The only problem is that Quint has turned into a recluse, seemingly unable to exit his home.Well, if Sophia puts her life in danger to save strangers, she'll be damned if she doesn't help out a friend. Only in Quint's case, what she'll have to put on the line is her heart.When it comes to historicals, I've learned (the hard way) that I'd better not veer outside my long favored authors: Elizabeth Hoyt, Sabrina Jeffries and a couple more. When I saw that Sabrina Jeffries endorsed this book, I picked it up, and it looks like Joanna Shupe will make my go-to romance authors list. I haven't read the previous books in her Wicked Deceptions series, but that didn't take anything away from enjoying this one.What Lady Hellion excels in, is the pacing. Whether the scene furthers Sophia and Quint's relationship or the murder mystery plot, this book does not falter one bit. The heroine is a delight. Uncoverntional to boot, she defies propriety and expectations, claiming life the way she wants it. Quint's character is also well-developed. Scholarly and somber, the fulfilment of his need to love and protect Sophia is embarrassingly hindered by his self-perceived predicament. I always find fascinating reading about how conditions that now have a name and a designated approach to treatment were dealt with back then.A reckless heroine that defies both laws and propriety, a gallant hero suffering under grave misconceptions, a vicious murderer on the loose plus great writing, and you have yourself a winner.
I love how this author infuses her sweet romantic storyline with delicious Greekness, and this story is no different. But this one raises the bar plotwise. A young woman who's come to Greece to re-claim her brother, twenty years after an evil witch stole him. With no one to trust this outworldly story to, no support, no obvious weapons to ward off evil. So, on the one hand, you get the idyllic landscape of Corfu with the author's talent in descriptive writing oozing, and on the other, the dark evil lurking in a cave on a mountain looming over the picturesque village the heroine resides in. This contrast brands The Raven Witch of Corfu in a way that makes it truly addictive. I'm really glad the next instalments are out soon. I can't wait.
Yup, the second part was worth the wait. Some reviewers complain that it’s too short, but actually that’s what I particularly enjoy with this particular serialized novel. I devour the episodes in about an hour, and then I can re-read at a more leisurely pace. After all, it’s an erotic romance! You can’t expect too many secondary characters, complex subplots and still get the thrill that Whitney Gracia Williams pumps into her readers!Love my casting! Isn't that THE smirk? And Amanda Schull is a ballerina!If you thought Andrew was dirty-talking and impossible in the first episode, expect to be driven to your limits with how he acts here. But, still, Aubrey stands her ground. When she walks out on him, after he commanded her to…ahem…enjoy his company, I jumped up and cheered. In too many such books the heroine turns into a puddle of goo even if she’s mistreated. Yes, I’m not into submissive gals. But for those of you who are, she does yield…various times…but at the same time, she gives Andrew a good run for his money. She also stands up to her overbearing, over-ambitious parents. In a wham-bam way that made me love her even more. I’m not thrilled with how Aubrey can keep up with Andrew’s language though. But I guess, it’s the company you keep…Another aspect I enjoy in this series is its authenticity. Andrew is the real thing. To me, he’s one of the most fleshed-out douche types in erotic romance history! He’s consistent through and through: with his secretary, his clients, his colleagues. He’s vouched never to change…BACK. Because we do get a tantalizing glimpse of his surprising past. It’s nothing you can imagine…Some nitpicking: Jessica, the secretary, is just too much, and her moment in this book ... nah!
Jewels made a drunken mistake in her late teens, and when tragedy struck, she let guilt eat her alive. The vicious depression cycle she rode took her from days on end curled up in bed when she was "down" to crazy frat partying when she was "up". And then she met Adam.Sweet, handsome, supporting Adam with the infectuous laugh snuck right into Jewels' heart and set camp for life. But when she disentangles herself from her messy life to attach to him, he drops the bomb. Two bombs actually: he has a deep, dark secret, and he's not looking for love; only a friend to follow him to the trip he promised his dying friend.Can Jewels evict Adam from her heart? Can he resist the funny, cheeky, gorgeous girl who helps him tick items off his list? And when his life-altering secret comes out, will their love survive? Will they, for that matter?Both Jewels and Adam have way too much on their plate plus overbearing parents. Their getaway is a much needed escape from their lives. But it's not without disastrous consequences that made me wonder if this book has a HEA. The young couple's chemistry is off the charts, and their intimate scenes are hot but also so so sweet. In fact sex scenes were not needed to raise the heat level. The kissing moments are so expertly written and with such thoroughness and emotion they could easily suffice.Adam's List is as New Adult as they come. Vibrant, fresh, sexy, angsty, heartwarming, it's got all the ingredients in the right dosage. The drama that's gradually revealed also helps to raise awareness on an issue I won't disclose because it would be a major spoiler, and that's another plus point for Jennifer Ann. I enjoyed the writing. Partly effervescent, partly dark, it kept a rhythm that drew me in. This happened to be the second in a row book that I read where the couple tours New York (the previous book was Truly by Ruthie Knox which I've also reviewed) and now I have such a huge appetite to visit a city that apparently is so full of life, it manages to istill its vibrancy into every visitor. Yeah, that's something I deparately need.Thumbs up for Jennifer's Ann, Adam's List. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
This is the coming-of-age story of Georgie, a black woman growing up in rural Virginia in the 1940s. Striving to be good, all she wants is a peaceful life, but all she gets is pain. This becomes a suffocating pattern that she cannot seem to extricate herself from, and when she loses the one good thing in her life, again through deceit, she has no reason to live. But instead of letting go, she uses prayer as a balm to soothe her pain, and soon hope flourishes.In a society rife with prejudice, stereotypes and an unabashed display of racism, black women are continuously victimized; not least from their peers. That was an element of interest in this book. And as the title suggest, this story depicts the struggle of all women folk; not only black women. I’m Greek, and around the time Georgie was growing up, my grandmother was giving birth in the fields, child after child, knowing that not all children will survive, a fact that gave birth to “Death shall claim his share”. The cynicism with which their harsh reality armed those women was carried over to their own children—not their cherished sons but their daughters. Maybe it was a way to reinforce them, make them stronger to face their own struggles, but in reality what was reinforced was their lack of conviction in their self-worth, their eternal victimization.With a voice strong in its simplicity, T. M. Brown lays out a tale of deceit, betrayal and dark secrets and a young girl’s struggle to navigate in life through them. Although this is historical fiction, the message defies time and is still very relevant: perseverance and never losing hope.Even though it’s overwhelmingly harrowing at times, this is a must read.
I devoured Kinked although I never liked Aryal in the previous books, and I wasn't sure what kind of hero could tame such a, well, harpy. Enter Quentin...Review BreakdownAryal: 5/5 She's Aryal through and through. If you've read previous books and hoped that she'll somehow turn into a pushover, she doesn't. Her character develops emotionally as she gets to meet her mate, but she's still dominant, unyielding ... a total badass! Got to hand it to her. She's original.Quentin: 5/5 - Oh my God, I loved Quentin. He's simply perfect. Although he starts out by showing his Dom side, being with Aryal forces him to play it down and even try out a reversal in roles. Still, he has inherent class, and knows how to say the right thing in the right moment. He's equally sexy as a bar owner and setting up camp in the wilderness, he's got a feline's graceful move and he purrrs! What else would you want? My only problem: I couldn't picture him as a blond guy. A blond black-panther Shifter?! Not so much.Plot: 4/5 - For the most part, it felt in the way of Aryal and Quentin's relationship. It gets better towards the end and helps Aryal show more facets of her character.Writing: 5/5 - I love how Thea Harrison writes. It's never tiring, with interesting turns of phrase, a healthy sense of humor and strong dialogues.Heat: 4/5 - The sexual tension is scorching and the H/h's brief reversal of roles in the beginning makes the reader wildly anticipating when they'll carry out their bargain properly, but the plot gets in the way and we never see that. With all the Dom talk that goes on in the first part of the book, maybe I expected more intense get-togethers.Best quote: He told her telepathically, I want to put a collar on you ... Her answer was a telepathic snarl. Dream on, motherfucker. FINALLY! I've dreamed of such a comeback ever since I read 50 Shades...
Beth's life just won't give her a break. After a professional disaster ended her event planning career, she finds herself walking dogs for a baseball star in a quaint, beachside town. And she's not even a dog person.Rylan's only reason for Beth as his temp assistant is that he's not attracted to her. But Atlas, his picky Great Dane is. Beth has an unconventional way of bringing order through creating chaos, and soon Rylan has to fend off her suitors, his dog included. Could the quirky redhead be the one?I'm certain that this absolutely heartwarming story will be cherichsed by lovers of small town tales. Every aspect is covered in spades (pun not intended): a stunning setting, a strong sense of community and familial ties, quirky locals and a wholesome atmosphere. Plus the awe-inducing pets.The romance between Rylan and Beth is slow-building, and I thought that this would be a low-heat novel, but when they do get together, they make fireworks. Especially in the massage chair... What I loved the most where the dogs. Atlas is a character in his own right with a distinct personality and together with Rue, the golden retriever and the two dachsunds they make a heart-stealing lot. And I'm not a dog person either.What made this read less than perfect for me was the writing style. Not the writing per se, which was very good (solid dialogue) but the overall style. There's head hopping which took me some time to get used to, as in half the page we're in Beth's head then suddenly we get Rylan's thoughts. Also, it's obvious from the start that the focal point is the town of Barefoot Williams rather than the romance development. We get beautiful but quite lengthy descriptions and detailed accounts of a character's daily schedule. I'm more into plot- or character-driven stories, but I'm rating this book based on how a fan of sweet, smalltown stories would see it.And that type of reader will definitely love Barefoot William and its characters.
Phevos, without fully realizing how and most importantly why, finds himself along with his younger sister in modern-day Athens—some 2,000 years ahead of their time. The only advice his father gave them before shipping them off to an unknown world was to “follow the signs”. With this single phrase as a guide and the friendship-turned-love of Xenia, a modern-day girl who is personally invested both in Phevos and his quest, the young couple embark on an exciting yet treacherous journey that will lead them to magical artifacts, feuding Gods and eventually to solving ancient puzzles that, unbeknownst to them, have shaped their very existence.The Necklace of Goddess Athena is a fantastic novel—literaly and figuratively. I’m usually wary of time-traveling stories, but Effrosyni Moschoudi has managed to blend the ancient and modern world in such a seamless way, using the right locations, the right vernacular and character-development process, she manages to stay clear of jarring or conflicting situations. But what Ms Moschoudi’s writing truly exudes is “ethos”; ethos of the kind that has been common among humans throughout history, but which you rarely see being an integral part of a plot nowadays. Also nostalgia. I don’t know if it were the purity of the story’s locations (Plaka is a settlement built right over the residential area of ancient Athens) the inherent goodness of her characters or the heart-warming interactions, but this is a world I’d really like to experience again. That said, I wouldn't want to downplay the book's pure fantasy moments brimming with the wrath of ancient Gods, where Ms Moschoudi's writing is at its best. Needless to say, I already look forward to this wonderful new writer’s next novel.
After eight years in the military, Nate Braden returns to Peaceful Harbor with his heart full of love for his best friend's little sister, and his conscience laden with his best friend's death. Everyone prods him to finally open up to Jewel, but he can't claim her until she hears facts he's kept from her for two years.Jewel has stopped living for herself ever since losing both her father and her older brother. Her life resembles more that of a soccer mom than a twenty-two year old girl. And men are just not relevant. Apart from Nate Braden. His kisses make her feel that there is beauty in this world. But if mixed signals are frustrating, Nate's can drive her up the wall. Why can't he make up his mind? Will she always be his best friend's off-limits little sister or the love of his life?To me, Melissa Foster's writing has a unique feature. It's no-frills simple yet very effective when it comes to portraying characters. Nate and Jewel truly stand out even though their story is not highly original or extraordinarily complex. Connecting with both protagonists is effortless as their deep need is spelled out, and they even express it to each other, sparing us the unnecessary angst. There's beauty is such simplicity.What's more, you can't not fall in love with Nate. He's so solid, ready to be there for Jewel, any way she'll take him. Sexy, reliable and oh so frustrating. Jewel's shattered life is heart-rending, and the pattern she follows, trying to raise her siblings in the way she sees fit is what earned this book the extra fifth star. It was very interesting and made Jewel a heroine that could stand her ground in a women's fiction book.And then there are the kisses. While the sex scenes are loaded, I didn't so much care for them as I did for the kissing. Nate and Jewel kiss a lot, and it's so sweet and hot at the same time, I kept reading on for the next kiss scene. Bone-melting kissing.Healed by Love is a beautiful and honest story that I think will find many fans.
Whitney G's bad boys need their own logoNo one does filthy bad men boys better than this author. Jake (like Andrew in Reasonable Doubt Full Series only tenfold) is the genuine, authentic (add all Thesaurus' synonyms) sexy-as-fuck, pulse-shatteringly outrageous, emotionally unavailable hero I absolutely love to hate. And he wears the four stripes of a senior captain on top of that.His sense of propriety? Non-existent. His attitude? Slap-worthy. Yet, just like Gillian, I waited for the next dirty phone call, the next illicit hookup, the next step towards the edge of a steep cliff.Poisonous, backstabbing families, alternating locations, a surprisingly thick plot with a super unexpected twist, and two characters you'll NEVER forget--Turbulence is the fu... flight of the century.Worth the wait.*I received a copy of this book, courtesy of the author*
Three hundred years have passed since a spaceship from Earth crash landed on an unexplored planet, and the survivors' descendants consider themselves its undisputed rulers. However, unable to fight their human nature, soon they want to rule over each other as well. The least of their worries are the fur-clad indigenous people who have no means to stake claims over lands. But is the inescapable fate of all humanity their only guide to self-destruction, or are the unseen, whispering enemies that the indigenous fear so much, not a pigment of their imagination after all? But most importantly, are they all as different as they think or are they fractured parts of a whole that has set the wheels in motion to redress an imbalance--an abominable act of crime against the universe?I have to be honest here: after I read Pearseus: Year 18 - The Schism, the prequel to this book, I was hooked; I just had to read on. However, at the same time, sci-fi/fantasy not being my genre of choice, I had braced myself for an onslaught of names, places and data indispensable to an author who aspires to successful world-building. But this world is not self-serving. "Rise of the Prince" is so much more than a sci-fi book presenting the reader with a different version of life. It's a blending of philosophy of history, existentialism, strategic thinking and great fiction involving living, breathing heroes that become totally relatable. It's a book about life, death, the origins of mankind and the nature of humanity. But all these aspects do not overwhelm the unsuspected reader. They're presented through compelling stories, engaging dialogue and great imagery. Combined with Nicholas Rossis' excellent writing, this book truly stands out!I was so impressed that I'm heading to get myself a printed copy! I just have to have it in my library!
She: Elizabeth Blakeley has been in love with the Duke of Wesbrook forever. Determined to make him see her as a grown woman, not his best friend’s little sister, she convinces him to be let her tend to his newly arrived illegitimate daughter.He: Gabriel St. James, Duke of Wesbrook, lives in the shadow of his now deceased, depraved father. His forbidden thoughts about Elizabeth literally haunt him when she starts sleeping just a floor beneath him, but he vows to behave in the most gentlemanly way. And fails miserably. But a burning secret surfaces, and he might lose everything, so the farther he keeps from the beguiling “Minx” the better.The conflict: The forbidden love for a best friend’s little sister, combined with guilt over the hero’s past life and life-threatening danger.The Heat: Searing hot. The author builds tension masterfully (and ruthlessly) and the cat and mouse game ends in scenes of scorching heat.The good stuff: I loved the authentic writing. Very “historical” yet brimming with freshness. The characters are not exactly original but both Gabe and Elizabeth live up to the reader’s expectations in the best possible way.The other stuff: I could have done with less internalization in the first part of the book. Other than that, the pace was steady.Bottom line: An excellent historical with a very authentic voice.I was offered this book in exchange for an honest review.
Unreasonably awesome!(Click here to read the awesome WIP interview Whitney Gracia Williams gave me and see where she wrote Reasonable Doubt. You've gotta love Whitney!)Okay, seriously, this series started off as smut, so why the H am I crying? I don’t do that! These books are supposed to be about hotness and sexiness and rampant sensuality, but this installment of Reasonable Doubt is so much more! Whitney G has outdone herself here. I’ve read tons of books where the hero starts off as a complete douche and then does a 180, crawling and groveling and, yes, that works, but in Andrew’s case, you’ll end up “getting” him, feeling for him (I won’t say “lusting after him” because that’s stating the obvious) but he doesn’t turn into a wuss. He’s Andrew through and through. Smirking, brow-arching, dirty-talking Andrew. Only he’s Liam.But what makes the difference for me is Aubrey. I’ve had enough of the “doormat”, spineless type of girl who gives everything up to a domineering male, succumbing to his every whim, then changing him through her pliability (definition: the quality of being easily bent—pun fully intended). Aubrey is different. For once, this girl is willing to settle for less in sex but more in the respect department. In someone who maybe is less hot but treats her better. And she shuns Andrew. Again. Again. And yet again. I got such immense satisfaction from Aubrey’s stance. And it’s not only Andrew in the receiving end of that attitude but her impossible parents as well. She manages to break free from every demand made on her and carves a life on her own. And then she gets all she wants and more. Seriously, the audition scene made me cry!!As for the writing? It’s stellar! I feel that Whitney G. gave everything to this installment! Flowing descriptions, poignancy, heart-wrenching backstory on top of the amazing banter and the jaw-dropping comebacks we all came to love.And what’s with *End of Episode #3*???? Is this not the finale?!!!
Gossip Girl meets Twilight - Rated RLeora's main problem is that she's bored. She lives on the Upper Sleaze Side with a mom that is on the hunt for the fifth rich husband, and since money is not a problem what she obsesses about is her daily calory intake. Her BFF is your typical pierced total mess (with an oversized heart), and Leora whose hormones are driving her crazy but has never seriously acted on that, mainly feels alive through her friend's crazy life. Until she meets Connal, the rich British guy with the impeccable manners and the dark secrets that end up haunting them both.Sure, there are tons of parentheses instead of em dashes. Sure, the run-on sentences will probably make you back-track to catch the drift. Sure, there's lots of angst and weird situations that you're not sure will develop well.But I felt it was a breath of fresh air. The language was so vibrant, I stopped caring about the parentheses. The characters acted out but didn't cross BIG lines (it's okay to think that your BFF's love interest is hot, it's not okay to act on it--Leora didn't) the connections between the characters are unbreakable (frienship, love), the writing, although over-the-top sometimes, surprised me with its effervescence ... all in all, I thoroughly enjoyed this one.I'm definitely reading the next instalment.
Parents are a child’s lifelines. Even when it grows into its own skin, defying their role in its life, they remain vital points of reference; a mainstay. Losing a parent can make even a strong grown man lose his bearings. If it’s the father a son loses, and the loss is untimely and unjust, the immeasurable pain makes the path to acceptance difficult to find and even more difficult to tread.This uphill trudge is presented here by Joseph A. Pinto who lost his father to pancreatic cancer. A “tough son-of-a-gun,” a seemingly indomitable presence in the author’s life. It is an emotional account; raw and harrowing. But it is also a magical road trip with soul-lifting pit stops that miraculously guide the traveler—otherwise completely lost and deeply wounded—to a glorious destination, known only to his father, pointed to by bits and pieces that he could have easily dismissed as just incoherent ramblings of a dying man. Thankfully, he didn’t.The writing is excellent and delivers in a unique albeit heart-rending way. Known for his unique horror-writing prose, Joseph seamlessly presents his experience through some of the strongest, most poignant similes I’ve ever encountered in a book.“Before me, the parkway yawned endlessly toward a shimmering horizon. Each weary glance into the rearview mirror revealed splintered, black asphalt crumbling off into the bowels of the earth. The sky above seemed to buckle, and I tensed, expecting at any moment for it to fracture like a thin pane of glass.”Even though the subject is sensitive and painful, I highly recommend this book because the endnote is essentially optimistic, and it once more proves that although life is perishable, true love never is.
In Deadly Secrets, Helena goes back to the Greek island of Mykonos to reconnect with her father’s relatives and try to find some answers about his mysterious disappearance thirteen years ago. However, the stunning beauty of the Aegean island is shadowed by a strong sense of foreboding, as she gradually sees that people around her hold deep and dark secrets that put her life to danger. The last straw is to find herself bound to an overbearing, impossible man. His words are full of scorn, but his searing kisses tell a different story. Confused and scared, Helena wants nothing more than to return to England and her uninspiring but safe life there. But she knows that if she does, she'll leave half of her heart behind. Having read and thoroughly enjoyed Spellbound in His Arms, Ms Sefer’s first installment in The Greek Isles series, I tried out this second book. As a romance reader I crave for a happy ending, but I want some grit in the language or characters, and that’s not Ms Sefer’s style who opts for a sweeter approach. But the feel I get from her books remind me of my favorite classic mystery writers, MM Kaye and Mary Higgins Clark, who also chose exotic locations for their novels. I get the same fuzzy nostalgic feel that stays with me even after the reading ends. The story here is very well-paced, not description-heavy and the unexpected twists made me finish the book in two sittings in a single day. If you enjoy sweet romances with a strong mystery vibe, Deadly Secrets will not disappoint you.
When people are on a quest, they’re usually trying to find something. Jennifer, on the other hand, is trying to find someone to help her lose something. She calls it her V-Card. At almost 21, and after two failed attempts that led to the emergency room, Jenn is determined. She’ll just find a guy and get it over with. She’s a sophomore for crying out loud! But the guy she lands is not just any guy. Dain is charming, gallant, patient and drop-dead gorgeous. And he wants her like crazy. Jenn thanks her lucky stars and now she really wants to get lucky. But Luke, her philandering roommate, seems to have other plans for her.This was a fun read. Light, sweet and vibrant. Dorm life is portrayed in a genuine way (for once, the roommates are not caricatures, but real people) the dialogues are funny with interesting turns of phrase, and the storyline, although not highly original, drew me in. Ms Michael's writing is confident and turns contrite situations into entertaining scenes. What I really liked though was the clear message that this story offers: that no matter how much you plan, no matter how far you’re willing to reach to achieve your goal, it’s good to take a look around because maybe you don’t appreciate what’s already there.This is a sweet romance.The book was given to me in exchange for an honest review.
This is a good series. I'm not so much in YA books because I don't get the hypocrisy of accepting the fact that teens can be strained to their limits, tortured and eventually turn into murderers but (God forbid) shouldn't engage into sexual activities or even if they do it should be glossed over. That's my main pet peeve with the genre. That said, JLA does a good job on that count as well. Daemon and Kate's passion goes off the chart (and off the bed) and while she stays withing the genre's limitations, it is satisfying. As expected, there's tons of action, lots of good scenes (loved to see Dawson and Beth finally together), true bonding with Luc, unnecessary deaths (IMHO) and lots of questions to be answered in the next book. What I'd really want to see is somehow Dawson and Kate ending in Hunter and Serena's hideout (from Obsession). I mean who would think to look for them in an Arum settlement? The banter and reluctant bonding between a Luxen and an Arum and the realization that there is no pure good or pure evil among beings would be something to read. It probably won't happen, but I just wanted to put it out there.Obsession
Anna Glaser was not graced with an easy childhood, but grace she has. In spades. That is her only weapon to fight the misery of her life; becoming a prima ballerina is her sole focus. The rigor and discipline, the need for perfectionism soothes her troubled soul. So when the cold and calculating artistic director of the company she fought so hard to enter, suggests she should give him something more than her dancing, she hates him, but that being in line with how she knows life, she is willing to succumb.Enter Cain Gilliam. The lead danseur is instantly smitten by the composed, withdrawn dark beauty. He sees that the director has designs for her outside the dance hall, and he is determined to intercept them. If only he was sure that that was what Anna truly wanted. And then it's his own demons he has to keep at bay. But the stage's wings hide danger in their darkness and soon Cain will have to protect more than Anna's reputation.I picked this book up from Xpresso Book Tours because of its dance theme. If you expect Center Stage though, you will not find it here. This story is dark. Not only because life-threatening danger lurks backstage but because both the protagonists have a dark side. Anna is not the sweet girl you will effortlessly fall in love with. She keeps barbed wire around her, making sure no one enters her personal space. She fights her feelings for Cain, and she rarely lets the reader peek into her soul. She gave me a hard time too. It was only toward the end that I started getting Anna, and maybe if I was given more of her backstory instead of snippets through dialogue, liking her would have come easier. Cain also lacked sufficient backstory to help me fully understand his sometimes too intense reactions.Nevertheless, I enjoyed reading Adagio. Delancey Stewart knows her stuff. The rehearsals and dancing were super realistic, you could even smell the waxed floor and feel the agony in your own muscles. The rest of the characters--Cain's roommates and Anna's only girlfriend--were fleshed out and endearing. The writing itself showed spurts of brilliancy; some metaphors blew me away.Final verdict: a very readable book, expertly handling the theme, which I would have fully enjoyed had I been given deeper insight into the MCs' psyche.*I was offered an ARC in exchange for an honest review*
She: Claire Anderson, 21, has just graduated with a political science degree and a 3.9 average. Letting her hair down for a night of hot sex with a tattooed demigod is totally not her, but she’s not sorry. Until she sees said demi-god occupying her boss’ (and future stepbrother’s) office desk.He: Declan Riordan, 27, is totally against his father remarrying with that woman. But, if he plays his cards right, the girl who’s starred in his fantasies for way longer than she’s supposed to, might be the ticket to ruining the impending marriage. All he has to do is make her life a living hell. And convince himself she’s just a temp with benefits.The conflict: Declan’s bent on breaking Claire, Claire’s bent on holding her ground, her vicious ex is bent on winning her back, and the case assigned to her might be a ticking bomb—an explosive mix.The setting: A very “Mad Men” law firm with all the ‘50s trimmings, a grand castle (with a moat), the setting is richer than that of your standard stepbro romance.The heat: OMG hot. Off-the-charts chemistry, naughty settings, and the perfect mix of dirty talk and sexy stuff.The good stuff: The pure fun. This is the author’s second book, but she sure has amped up the fun factor. Original pranks and jokes that had me laugh out loud, made this book all the more readable. The characters are solid with enough drama in their background to add substance. I loved Carl, the older employee with the quirky sense of humor who becomes Claire’s sidekick and accomplice. The parents are more present and have more to offer compared to parents in similar books.The other stuff: Nada. Nothing to dilute my fun. Maybe I needed a longer epilogue, but then I always do.Bottom-line: One of the best stepbro romances I’ve read. Kim Linwood takes standard ingredients, but her recipe tastes so much better!I was offered this book in exchange for an honest review.
Why I selected this bookA waterless earth and the ensuing chaos, combined with a solid blurb was what attracted me to this book. The budding romance between a boy and a girl fighting for mere existence, having lost everything was the other factor.My impressions after I read WaterfallThis is a well written book. Amber Carr is an excellent line author. The action is heart-pounding, relentless and vividly portrayed, involving all senses. I really felt I lived in this world. However, I didn't find myself particularly engrossed because I saw no endgame. Struggle to survival is the theme of this story, but there's no conflict or a defining moment (after the world goes down) to help me get more involved. I'm sure this is more evident in the second book, but I needed to have a clearer idea where this was leading to. The two MCs, Zach and Vivienne, get off to a great start, but their relationship is very static in this first book.Bottom line: if you enjoy action-packed, dystopian stories, Waterfall is the book for you. As a reader who goes for character-driven stories, I expected more.I was offered this book in exchange for an honest review.
Skylla’s dad made sure she could handle a gun. When the Invaders crash into her home, that skill saves her life but not her parents’. She manages to slip away from the aliens that have taken over earth only to be captured by a human who appears to have sided with them. But Jet Phoenix has his own agenda. Soon, they flee together fighting every step of the way, not least their attraction to each other. But finding answers is more important. What is the aliens’ ultimate goal? Why are they drawn to earth’s water resources? And more specifically, why when they touch Skylla, they instantly release her in awe?Kale, a young man they stumble upon, leads them to the rebels who have answers but also a plan he wants no part of. Forcing Skylla and Jet to follow him, he reaches the core of the Invaders’ headquarters where they finally come face to face with the truth.But is that the truth or, apart from their emotional memory, the Invaders can also tamper with their mind?I was blown away. Sci-fi is not my genre of choice and can rarely keep me deeply involved, but I was drawn by the blurb and the beautiful cover, so I decided to give this book a try. Not only did I not regret it, but I found myself skimming instead of reading to get on with the story. And that wasn't fair to the author as her writing is stellar! This book is a page-turner in every sense of the word. Action-packed, fast-paced but also thought-provoking, it can equally appeal to women who enjoy sci-fi romances and men who opt for a thrilling read. The plot is thick, complex but not confusing. The main character, Skylla, puts Katniss to shame, and Jet is everything you’d expect of a true hero with a noble quest. Of course, there is the indispensable love triangle as Kyle would like nothing more than keep Skylla for himself.There was nothing amiss in this book. It does end with a cliffhanger though. But in such a glorious way, my jaw dropped!I seriously recommend Repossession. Even if you don’t enjoy reading about little green men, which in this case are lithe incandescent creatures with jet black pools instead of eye sockets, this ride will be one you won’t forget any time soon.
Carter and Arizona are known for two things: One, they’ve been attached to the hip since fifth grade (no, fourth, she’ll insist) and two, they are just friends. Seriously? Everyone wonders, especially Carter’s string of soon-to-be-dumped girlfriends who hate Ari. Well, he does tend to text and email her through a date, if he doesn’t cut it short to actually go find her. Arizona is a big part of Carter’s life: she’s funny, witty, gets him like no other, but he’s not attracted to her. Not at all. Until, one day, he is. And funnily enough, she is too.Boy, does that complicate things. And when career choices make them have to choose between pursuing dreams or each other, hearts are shattered. When the “BFF” stamp has been branded onto them since childhood, who will man up to label the new feelings?After Reasonable Doubt, I one-click Whitney Gracia Williams’s books. She’s a writer that stays true to emotions, spanning the gamut in a single story, without trying too hard to impress. It takes serious talent to be able to pull that off. Sincerely, Carter does just that. It’s fresh, witty, heartwarming and engaging till the end. I read it in almost a single sitting, and now I feel I’ve known Carter and Ari since they were kids. They’re amazingly sweet and real and sexy. Seeing how they experienced milestones in their lives through notes, texts and emails ever since they were hating each other in fourth grade will make you smile. Seeing how their circle of friends and lovers spins out of focus while they remain its solid core, and them still refusing to acknowledge what that means will make you want to whack them on the head. But there’s no way you won’t love them to bits.This book was offered to me by the author in exchange for an honest review--a moment before I one-clicked it. I'm one sincerely happy reader!
3.5 starsShe: Evelyn Marrington, 21, an aspiring novelist wants nothing more than solitude to read and write. Her biggest challenge? Her mother of five daughters, bent on marrying her off. Even to an elderly man with eleven children.He: Bennett Haile, Earl of Summersby, a massively-built man, a secret member of the Brotherhood, sworn to protect the new Queen of England—Evelyn’s look-a-like.The conflict: Bennett’s objection to Evelyn going undercover in place of the queen, clashing with his forbidden attraction to her.The setting: England, 1838The chemistry: Hot and bothered—literally by both parties.The good stuff: This was a quick and enjoyable read. Both main characters are convincing and likeable, especially Evelyn with the inherent curiosity of a novelist, and an unconventional outlook on life.The other stuff: I found the portrayal of the era somewhat lacking. A good part of the story takes place inside Buckingham Palace, but there’s nothing “showing” it. I also felt that Bennett’s backstory—his family’s traumas—needed further exploring.All in all, I enjoyed this book, but felt the lushness of the story would be better served in a full-length novel.I was offered this book in exchange for an honest review.
Christina's life is little more than mere existing. After witnessing her parents' brutal murder, the world became this frightful place she has to shelter herself from. She doesn't have much going on. Just her job with the children social services and a good sense of right and wrong. And sixteen-year-old Jeremy being placed in the care of the scary beast that's his father is wrong. Being kidnapped by said beast and held captive until she accepts him as her "old man" is plain Medieval.Cam has Christina exactly where he wants her. In his home. That was his only dream during the lonely nights in the state penitentiary. That and securing the future of his motorcycle club. Going in and out of "the pen" is a way of life for him, and he knows it won't stop. But he has ways of keeping her safe and protected. Of giving a purpose to her life. If she only saw it... But Cam is a patient man. He can wait forever.I was never really drawn to "bad boys" and MC romances aren't really my cuppa. I recently started reading them because they are mostly written in "deep point of view", giving a distinct and very different voice to the main characters, which I really enjoy. But I found they were mostly with "cookie cutter" characters and plots. Well, this one is different.This is the real deal. Cam is over forty with long hair, streaked with grey, and a full beard---a seasoned MC man with the right attitude. I seriously cannot picture college-aged guys in a role that has them claim a girl as their "old lady". I mean, c'mon. Make them rock stars or something. If I'm to believe that a guy can go Neanderthal on a woman, shrugging off her protests against kidnapping her, he'd better be older and set in his ways for decades. In this sense, this book delivers and then some.Mind you, these guys are outlaws. Of the ex-con-soon-to-repeat kind. And it's not on misdemeanors. We're talking murder, gun smuggling, ugly stuff. And you get to see things going down. The violence is borderline offputting. As in way too much because I can take violence in a book. The writing is tight although I found Cam's thoughts quite complicated and multi-layered at times, which clashed with his main line of thinking and actions. Christina's character is well developed, and I was pleased to see her think "Stockholm syndrome" when her need to be with Cam overrode her logic.Also, even though the sex scenes are loaded, they are not the focal point of the story, which again characterizes many MC romances. Here, we have a man who's as wild as they get, but who instinctively knows that he is bonded with a woman who has to give up on everything she believes in, if she's to start living again. And he's right in a twisted kind of way. All in all, this is a love it or hate it kind of book. Extremely violent with a cliffhanger-ish ending (but there is the first chapter of the second book at the end, which somewhat helps). Strangely enough (for my tastes) I enjoyed it and will definitely read Book #2 to see some interesting issues resolved.I was offered this book in exchange for an honest review.
I had read a negative review by Searock with which I totally agreed and I even commented that I would not finish this book. I believe the blurb misled me. When I started it, it gave off a distinct Gone Girl feel, and then it just made me think that E. L. James didn't do a shitty job with 50 Shades after all. At least Christian had a consciously structured lifestyle and he negotiated with his partners. And Ana tried to mend him. In this case, Matt, the hero, is totally f*cked up. He cheats on his caring girlfriend with a girl he met over the internet and then treats said girl in a disgusting way (he basically humiliates her through sex) which, she, as the perfect doormat, finds absolutely thrilling. No warning, no declaration of a different lifestyle, no asking. And when he breaks down and behaves in a saner way, she freaks out.The reason I gave this two instead of one stars is that Matt has such a glorious breakdown that made me want to read on. This is definitely not a romantic hero and I don't really know which sub-genre this book belongs to. As for the Epilogue? I haven't a clue... I knew I wasn't the same of course and I knew Hannah felt the change. For one thing, silence replaced my rapacious dirty talk. Hannah had to coax the words out of me. And for another, I couldn't bring myself to get rough with Hannah...How long would my tame lovemaking satisfy Hannah? She didn't say a word about it, but she struggled to inspire me. That's plain wrong...
Within my author platform building, I've connected with wonderful writers and read and reviewed amazing books. But in between, I feel like cleansing my palate with something delectable...in this case, delectably decadent! This read is short and sweet... although there is nothing sweet about Andrew Hamilton, whose mouth filters nothing (literally!). But I didn't end up disliking him, because he is the real thing. Both as a lawyer and as a douche... He never leads on and states upfront what he wants. If the girl is game, good. If not, she either spends the night in the 5* hotel suite, or gets a cab fare back home. Meeting Aubrey makes him do a one-eighty, and he's baffled. Not that he treats her any better. In his mind, she's nothing but a liar, like the rest of them. But what was refreshing was Aubrey's reaction. She matched him word for word, defied him, called him names, stood her ground.My pet peeve in such books is that the heroine is your typical doormat: mesmerized by the all-consuming hero, she kneels in submission. I've developed low tolerance for such heroines, and frankly I don't understand what's so crazy appealing to female readers about situations like that. Well, that's not the case here, and I loved every minute of it.Don't get me started on the ending...I can't wait for the next episode! What's Andrew's problem anyway? We'll find out!Caution: this book contains strong language and is intended for a mature audience.
This book crashed my Top 10 list for this year. Yes, it's a sexy NA romance, featuring hot indie rockers (from Sweden!), steamy scenes and a heartwarming HEA, but it offers so much more.Nadia is an open trauma, elusive yet highly empathic. Bo is the epitome of a musician, charismatic yet unattainable. Their emotional journey is like a gushing wound, rich in texture, constant in flow and downright scary. Their relationship forces both of them to walk on a tightrope with no safety net. Powerful stuff.But what really drew me in is the author's unique writing. Staying out of cliches, it's lush, surprisingly unconventional and often reads like poetry. It keeps its secrets masterfully hidden until the very end with only scattered glimpses into the heroine's original backstory.This is not your run of the mill romance. It's a story that will stay with me. Highly recommended.
Megan's life has turned into a nightmare. Having her boyfriend humiliate her in such a destructively public way---the person she trusted implicitly---makes her flee Boston. Her friend's ocean house on Cliff's Edge in Main is just the place for her to regroup and maybe even start writing again. She is certain she will be left in peace what with her only neighbor being a renowned recluse. Soon, she discovers he's also a misanthrope. So why is she drawn to him so much?Zachary's only companion is his art. And his shaggy golden retriever; the only being he touches anymore. Until the stupid girl next door needs his rescuing. So he is forced not only to touch her but to also hold her, feel her against him. And now all these buried needs rush forward.With the only currency he was used to dealing in---his face---partially destroyed along with his faith in people and their motives, is there a chance for him and Megan to work out? And when her ex's deceit spins out of control, and the first thing thing that crashes is their fragile trust, will Megan have the strength to give Zachary a second chance?This novel starts out in a quiet, lulling manner in sync with the soft waves breaking on the shore---the main setting of the story. The soft, sweet, well-rounded writing reminded me of older romances, and having read lots of choppy, vibrant New Adult stories recently, I was worried my interest might wane. But the plot is surprisingly strong. When the main conflict comes about, I was stunned at the ferocity of the situation and left wondering of how this mess will be resolved.Zachary's backstory is well presented, making his disposition plausible and his reaction to events more or less predictable. The good kind of predictable. I also appreciated how Melanie Moreland builds up her story gradually; two thirds into the book and the reader still doesn't have vital info on both the main characters' past. Another positive aspect was the slow road to the book's HEA. The way things turned out, a rushed embrace with the ocean's horizon as a backdrop would have been eye-roll inducing. But this one takes its time, so the beautiful epilogue is worth the wait.The only thing that slightly got to me was that Megan is too sweet---bordering on naive. She's an angel-like character; a somewhat old-fashioned romance heroine. Of course, Zachary makes up for any excess sweetness, so things are nicely balanced. Also, while used to crass language in romances, the F-bombs here seemed a bit forced.If you enjoy classically romantic stories in an idyllic seascape setting with a strong plot Beneath the Scars is just right for you.*I was offered an eARC in exchange for an honest review*
Louisa Tempest is a disaster magnet. And Lavinia, her identical twin, is even worse! But when they are offered a sponsored Season in London full of social life among the best of the ton, Lavinia drags Louisa with her. While Lavinia is set on finding a respectable husband, Louisa's practical mind knows that their family's tarnish won't be covered with pretty frocks and intricate hairdos. She's not the marriage sort, anyway. So she brings Hannibal, her devilish one-eyed tomcat with her. With him at hand, no one will bother her.All Viscount Wakefield wants is his thick drapes shut and his bottle of Madeira full. After the retreat to Corunna, amidst the Peninsular War, that shattered his leg and his heart, he resents still being among the living. But when a cat from hell wreaks havoc in his household and his tempestuous mistress (Miss Tempest, indeed!) decided she wants to put everything to rights, including his life, he bans both cat and lady from his house. So she starts working on his garden. And suddenly that demmed drape insists on letting sunshine creep in even when he's sure he left it hermetically shut. Just like his heart.This historical romance was a delight! The language was as authentic as it gets, the plot, although not highly original, delicious, but what made the difference for me were the characters. True to themselves down to the bone, they never falter, and that's including pets! From the elderly butler and the impertinent new cook to the two kids that are hired as extra help, and Hannibal the cat (unforgettable Hannibal) they all get memorable, fast-paced scenes that often made me think that I'm watching a farse on stage.The dialogues are witty, the settings well-rendered (although maybe a bit underdescribed) and the main characters set so many obstacles along the way, I really wondered how the HEA would come about. If I must complain about something that would be that the final reconciliation scene was too easy, and there are loose ends concerning other characters, but Ms Boyle has promised that everything will be sorted out in the next installment where we'll learn what Lavinia is up to. I'm surely picking that one up!All in all, I truly enjoyed this delightful historical romance. In terms of character development, I would say that Ms Boyle is among the best. This new version of The Beauty and The Beast put a smile on my face--not an easy task with a swollen cheek after a wisdom tooth extraction. :)This book was offered to me in exchange for an honest review.
She: Quinn Higsbe fed up with the conceit and pretense of Hollywood, and with her ailing father in need of her, shuts herself in Brightwater, resigned to the fact that book boyfriends is the only action her personal life will ever see.He: Wilder Kane, 31, smoke jumper, holds a secret that has burned his soul until a fire almost burns him alive. Returning to his hometown, the last place he wants to be, he becomes a bookworm hermit. Helping a troubled old man one stormy night, brings his daughter to his door, and she breathes such life into him, he starts rethinking his outlook. But winning over fiery Quinn takes a darker spin when an arsonists targets her.The conflict: Wilder is everything dark, Quinn is everything light, but also elusive. Stripping down his walls to catch her is the challenge of his life.The setting: A small town off the Eastern Sierras in north California. Cowboys, sherrifs, a grandma set in her own ways, and all the wintry charm you can muster.The heat: Steamy. Palpable chemistry between the MCs, slow-building passion. Favorite line: Quinn returns to the bedroom after she hunts down a condom – Wilder: What are you looking for? Quinn: The mood. Is it still here? LOL! The sex scenes are surprisingly super hot and original. (Hot springs? Jump in!)The good stuff: This was a very fulfilling contemporary. Wonderful writing by Lia Riley–witty, quick, original–well-built characters with relatable connections, dark secrets, future dreads, lots of snow… there’s nothing amiss.The other stuff: Nothing really. Maybe Quinn was a tad too chatty when she should just be in the moment ;)Bottom line: An author I will follow.I was offered a copy of this book in exchange for an honest review.
Hannah flees her suffocatingly boring Minnesota home town to study art in a prestigious English speaking university in Montreal. With a barbed wire firmly set around her small frame because of a mistake that branded her the wrong way back home, she shuns everyone out and when finances become an issue, she becomes a cliché. She starts stripping to pay for college. She becomes Alicia. Most patrons at the club are your average gross, bald, middle aged guys who, on the one hand want to grope her (not allowed) but on the other want to mend her. Soon, the sensitive skin she has on display becomes thick, and life goes on. But one guy—young and hot—seems to neither want to grope nor mend her. It hurts when it shouldn’t, and she tries to shrug it off, until she sees him again. As the teacher of her Classic Photography class. Where she wears Converse, large sweaters and not a speck of make up. And what’s worse? The hot guy---no, teacher---might not have wanted Alicia, but he sure wants Hannah. A lot. That’s when lots of stuff hit the fan.This NA really blew me away! The depiction of life in strip clubs was raw and evocative, but it avoided all the clichés we’re fed up seeing in films. The writer paints a vivid but not necessarily ugly picture of the girls. Sure, some of them end in the gutter, but some do not. And Hannah is determined not to. Although the obstacles that are thrown her way are overwhelmingly difficult to surpass, she finds the inner strength she didn’t know she had to fight back. I won’t give you the outcome, but this is one book I wouldn’t mind not having a traditional HEA. It was so good to read a fully fleshed-out character who stands her ground unwaveringly even if it means she’ll lose it all.The male character, Emmanuel, is sweet and the perfect material to become a book boyfriend, but he was a weak link in the story. I’m not entirely sure I was rooting for him in the end. But I loved the way he treated Hannah (or ‘Annah as he is French) and the trips they took around Montreal and Quebec City were truly beautiful. I also loved the setting. Original, rich and … very Canadian :)The writing is fantastic! One of the best NA I’ve read this year. Gritty and raw but with deep empathy and an ability to delve deep into the main characters’ psyche.If you enjoy New Adult romances that are not buttery sweet, and feel you want to take a ride on the wild side, Shameless is what you should try.I was offered a copy of this book in exchange for an honest review
I picked this title up as I'm a fan of Nicholas Rossis' epic fantasy series (Pearseus) and I was curious to see how a fantasy writer tackles the challenge of writing for kids. Smoothly, apparently. This isn't a happy-go-lucky fairytale. The boy of this story is on a quest. Unlike Alice, this little guy is used to the bizarre world he lives in, and takes milk-surfing ants and complacent monsters in the closet at a stride. What he can't deal with, though, is the loss of his smile. On his way to school, he comes across colorful characters with huge smiles plastered on their faces, but although they vy for the little one's attention, they can't seem to listen to him. They're grown ups after all; self-serving and self-centered. Each and every one, although full of promises, fails to bring happiness to our little hero. But in the end, he finds what he's after in the sweetest possible way, and he knows how to keep it forever.This story is layered with thought-provoking semiotics that will attract parents as well. Fantastic illustrations make our boy's trek to school come to life, and the summary in verse at the end is a touch of genius and extra proof of the author's diverse talent. This is one book you won't regret reading to little ones, but even if there aren't any around, just go for it. You'll love it.
After reading the enchanting fantasy tale of The Necklace of Goddess Athena, I marked this author as one whose books I won’t miss. The fact that this second attempt of Effrosyni Moschoudi cleared the second round of the Amazon Breakthrough Novel Award contest is a further testament to the writer’s talent.Emancipated Laura finds love and her star shines brightly in Brighton in the ‘30s. Insecure Sophia finds love and a modicum of independence from her overbearing parents in Corfu in the ‘80s. Different places, different eras. But what binds the two girls in a common fate? And who is the lady of the pier?As with Ms Moschoudi’s previous book, I found myself immersed and mesmerized. The writer has an undisputed talent for creating vivid imagery through her amazing descriptive skills that managed to stay with me long after I’d put the book down. No, this was not one of the books that I speedread, needing to devour the story. Here, I needed to savor. I found myself rereading parts just to refuel a scene’s energy to keep it running in my mind longer, and I got withdrawal symptoms when I finally ended it.It’s not just the two enticing stories, the breathtaking beauty of the landscape, the authenticity of the characters or the heart-warming dialogue; it’s what reigns over these. An inner glow, an inherent purity that emanates from the pages to create a sense of completeness, like a dream you don’t want to wake up from.I'm so glad I'll get to live the dream again in the book’s sequel, The Lady of the Pier—The Flow!Highly recommended!
She: Mia Argaropolis, a near-starving artist with a huge heart, earns money as a house-sitter to make ends meet keeping her job as an art therapist at a senior citizens' home. Bringing joy through art is her one goal. Because, frankly, she has no other. It's not her fault she's flaky, impulsive and no one can count on her to carry something through. That's who she is, and whoever doesn't like her, can take a hike.He: Michael Anderson is a CEO and everything that comes with it. In other words, he breathes control and order. Okay, color-coordinating socks maybe shows he should let go, but dogsitting? His therapist's idea is as foul as the dogpoo he ended carrying in his pocket. In a business meeting. The annoying neighbor seems to know her way around dogs though, so helping her out as her pretend fiance in exchange for her dogsitting services makes sense. Her almost burning down the house while flooding it doesn't.The conflict: Opposites attract goes on a whole new level. A rigid, self-centered, mega-successful control freak needs to make things work with a hot-mess of a woman. Figuring out why he needs that and claiming her makes for a truly fun read.The setting: Contemporary Upper East side, Manhattan and the Hamptons.The heat: Slow building. I thought it would stay sweet-ish but when the couple came together, fireworks popped.The good stuff: The fully fleshed characters. I loved how Marissa Clarke paints a full picture with one character (Michael) not perceiving his flows and the other (Mia) not seeing her strengths. Merging two extremely opposite characters in a plausible way takes skill and mastery, which the author has in spades. The writing is great. I had several laugh-out-loud moments. The Queen B's, the elderly, inappropriate ladies at the seniors' home were an interesting change from the cookie-cutter slutty girlfriend sidekick.The other stuff: Maybe, the overall pace of the book cranked up a notch. And the major misunderstanding that tore the couple apart was a bit exaggerated.Bottom line: A fun read. Witty, heart-warming and sexy. I'll sure pick up, Sleeping with the Boss, Book 1 in the Anderson Brothers series.I was offered this book in exchange for an honest review
I’ve been staring at a blank screen for quite some time. My apprehension has nothing to do with the rating of this book—I’ve already given it 5 stars—it’s just that when a writer decides to bare her soul, reviews seem to me, well, sacrilegious. Therefore, I’m not taking the scenic route, deconstructing, analyzing, regurgitating—I’m just going to use descriptive adjectives: harrowing, heart-wrenching, raw, honest, empowering. But what I personally took from it was a strong sense of optimism. Because when life turns bleak—Illumination only lasts until darkness decides to fall—Rachel Thomson just flips the light switch back on.
Putting her trust issues aside, private investigator Gen Delacourt plunges into a relationship with Detective Mack Hackett. A cozy date at a jazz club lands Gen a case that proves less than challenging, but the trail leads to a high-brow, members-only club whose owner ups the ante when she hires her to uncover her blackmailer. Finding out that the gorgeous and sophisticated Amanda Grant has conquests (and haters) that reach way beyond her clientele and into Mack’s close circle, Gen would normally give him a heads up, especially when danger looms. Just when she’s found her bearings in a committed relationship, will the confidentiality clause Amanda made her sign threaten the unconditional trust Mack has placed in her?Secrets, fraud and double-dealings mar the beautiful love story that Gen and Mack share in this installment of Molly Greene’s exciting Gen Delacourt mysteries. This time, the setting is sophisticated and alluring. The lush and cosmopolitan hangouts of blue-bloods and wannabes. Delectable wine, classy decors and a good breading doesn’t exclude the beautiful people from being swindled, though, and Gen finds herself in the thick of a case whose tentacles hit way too close to home.Molly Greene once again holds the perfect balance between her heroine’s wants and needs while strategically placing pawns in a new game where the winner won’t take it all. And that’s what makes this series satisfying and original. Its three-dimensional characters are so real that never really make the cut to either angels or villains. Apart from Mack, that is. He’s a book boyfriend, through and through. Give me domestic scenes where he prepares breakfast for Gen and Stella, his clever almost-human dog, and my grin stays put for hours.The writing in this one is Molly Greene at her best. No-nonsense, honest and evocative. Add the beautiful settings, the original plot and a love story that keeps Gen and Mack’s fans on our toes, and you’ve got a winner!Oh, and the ending simply melted me…
This is a NA contemporary and I have the usual misgiving: I don't feel the angst and internalization of YA novels meshes well with the crazy sensuality that while forbidden for an eighteen-year old is suddenly okay when you hit twenty. This is true here as well, but Tracy Wolff knows how to keep the reader glued to the page with excellent writing and valid reactions to real emotion. Chloe is young and traumatized. Ethan is every girl's dream. In fact, he's too good to be true for a man who's used to getting what he wants when he wants it. Maybe that's the only element in the book that makes you raise a brow: why would a drop-dead gorgeous visionary millionaire take such a strong liking to a twenty-year old girl? Maybe because she said no? Okay, but even when she seems all for it, but her past comes crushing her hopes for a healthy relationship, he's still there, holding her tenderly giving her all the time in the world. It seemed to me that love came too quickly in Ethan's case.However, the book is very well-paced, the emotions pack a wallop and the sensuality is cold-shower-worthy. As for the cliffhanger? I suspected this would happen, and I'm very curious as to how Ms Wolff will untangle this mess. To me, it's untangle-able! If she pulls this through, Tracy Wolff will be a genius!
Hannah wants nothing more than to shed her sleek litigator's skin (it does rhyme with alligator) and tuck herself in her small town home's security blanket. The thing is she hasn't been home in three years, and no one, not even her about-to-be-married brother and two sisters know that she was shoved back to singlehood in the most embarrassing way. Not wanting to steal her brother's thunder on his wedding weekend, she plans on being a wallflower. Well, that plan explodes along with her airbag when she has a car accident. Involving the most infuriatingly gallant man who keeps fussing over her and--most importantly--messing with her resolve to stay away from seemingly perfect men. Because it's always a facade, right?While I love the genuine small town feel in a romance story, I find myself reluctant to delve into that type of romances because, well, jaw-splitting yawns... Too many quirky characters, too long descriptions, prose verbose and smothering sweetness. Most of the times, it's like I'm forced to like everything. That's not the case with Sunglass Sunrise.The writing is stellar. While the anticipated elements of the close-knit community, hot headed elders, many siblings are there, Donna Kauffman has struck the perfect balance and added "freshness" through clever analogies and sparkling dialogue, fully engaging the reader. The main characters are totally relatable and likable. The situations they're involved in, although not highly original, are charming and truly fun to read. Plus there is a whodunit suspense element that keeps things heated till the end. The setting is painted with subtle strokes throughout the book, avoiding the in-your-face beauty that I find contrived in many similar books, and there is a rough edge to the place (I'm a sucker for lighthouses) that makes it even more enticing.A lovely, fun and engaging read that I recommend to all lovers of heartwarming romances.I received a copy of this book in exchange for an honest review
The fact that I downloaded and read this book proves that a good cover can take a book a long way. I mean look at it! I just had to have the cover on my Kindle. Nevertheless, I would have given it only one star if the sexual tension of the first half hadn't gripped me.Apart from that, Lukas is your typical rock-star douche with a whining 'no biggie' attitude. There is absolutely no character development for him, and he ends up coming off as weak toward the end.Siennais your average doormat, but her background story justifies her attitude, plus she's not such a pushover when it comes to Lucas, so there is some substance in this character.The heat factor that is much praised by other reviewers follows an annoying (to me) pattern: build-up through promises, of the "I wanna f*** you all over" type, but falls short when the Hero actually gets a chance to live up to the reader's expectations. Is that a trend? Hot foreplay, glossed-over sex.The prose is weak and clunky. The dialogues are limited to expletives and rarely express true emotion, and the overall plot is really non-existent. The reason the H/h separate is pretty lame and forced. However, the ending is kind of sweet and compensates in some way.And, seriously, if someone "bobbed their head" one more time, I would self-combust!
I've only recently found Ruthie Knox through her serialized "Roman Holiday" books, and I've been devouring everything she's written. Ms Knox takes a different approach to romance. Her heroes are not necessarily "damaged" (as in traumatized), but have serious faults other romance writers wouldn't touch with a barge pole. Sean of Flirting with Disaster is really hot, but he stutters to the point he can't utter Katie's name plus he's a total geek, and Tony of How to Misbehave and Making it Last faces serious financial struggles. To me, these hero qualities and the way they mesh with the character development and the plot bring the books closer to chick-lit than romance which is okay by me, but other readers might feel they're not getting what they bargained for. The generic covers in my opinion, play up only one aspect of books that have a lot more to give than hot sex. Ms Knox really knows her stuff. All books are extremely readable, scorching hot and crazy emotional. The last book, Making it Last, sells itself short, branded as a romance novella. This is a must read book for every married woman who feels her "wifeliness" along with motherhood have stolen her true essence. This is Ruthie Knox at her best. It was so real it made me cry. If you're willing to delve into less polished characters but with real substance that hits close to home, you found your next read. Oh, and did I mention the heat level is out of this world?
When I try out a new HR author, I know it’s more often miss than hit. I’ve got my favorites (two of whom I’m friends with here – yay!) but they can’t have new titles out whenever I decide to take a break from my gritty contemporaries and my PNRs, and that’s how I ended up reading this book by a new—to me—author. So here goes:Penelope: 4/5 Penny’s had enough of being the proper, well-bred daughter. She needs to be loved and not traded between her father and a future husband, and, most of all, she needs an adventure. Being kidnapped by her childhood friend and claimed as his wife because of her inevitable ‘ruination’ is a good start, at least for her adventure aspirations—because he soon shatters all hopes for love and not being treated as a commodity. Penelope retains her composure throughout the book, and even though she ventures into uncharted territories, risking her reputation, she’s always frank, straight-forward, unyielding and ‘adventuresome’ (as Bourne calls her) till the end. I liked her.Bourne (Michael): 2/5 As a Hero, he’s awful. He treats Penelope in the worst possible way, and she’s not some stranger he decided to take advantage of to win his lost land back (his Holy Grail) but a dear childhood friend who’s been nothing but kind to him. Okay, he’s bent on his revenge and reclaiming his father’s land, and the reader expects that, for the best part of the book, he’ll mistreat Penelope, reminding her that she’s nothing but “a means to an end” (that was endlessly recycled!) but it never lets up till the very end! He keeps behaving in a god-awful way, and when Penelope thinks he’s finally made a move indicating he’s come to his senses (and that’s in the final scene, mind you) it’s not even him! It’s someone else, and I’m still quite unclear as to who it was and what their motive was. Also, his internalized one-liners in italics that contradicted what he actually said were really annoying: “I don’t need her.” But I do. I found this constant ‘self-annulling’ tiresome. So no, I didn’t like Michael’s character.Prose: 3/5 Penelope’s part in the dialogue is enjoyable. She surprises with her resolve and this shows through her words. Other than that, there was a lot of repetition that dragged the book down, the tone is not too formal (maybe too informal for a historical) and the characteristic wit found in popular titles of the genre was missing.Heat: 4/5 The erotic scenes were detailed and nicely rendered with some originality, but they don’t work well into the plot. You’d think that after “the most incredible, mind-altering sex” (does that sound like a HR?) Michael would reconsider his ways but, no. After his wedding night, he left his new bride alone in a strange house. And now, it’s time for some real nitpicking:Penelope is plain. See how much: “She’d become too old, too plain, too tarnished.”“He’d likely not had a single moment of considering her as anything more than plain, proper Penelope…”“She closed her eyes tightly, taking a deep breath, preparing for him to turn away at her plainness. Her imperfections.” “She didn’t like the insinuation in the words. The implication that she was plain and boring…”“She was never going to be considered beautiful. Plain, yes. Passable, even, on a good day, in a new frock.” But tell me this: beautiful blue eyes, silken blond curls, soft pale skin, tempting pink lips… equal plain?! The girl was gorgeous! There’s absolutely no hint at ugliness based on something being wrong with her features. And when Michael is asked whether she’s “horsefaced” he doesn’t reply!! What a jerk! And these are his thoughts at the very end: “How was it possible that he’d ever thought her plain? She was a jewel in the cold, grey mid-February sleet, all rosy cheeks and blue eyes and lovely pink lips that made him want to carry her to the nearest bed.” What was the girl? Cursed, so that only when someone fell in love with her saw her for what she was?Nitpicker over and out…
Hollywood? Hello? Studios should be scrambling to get the rights for this one. Have you read an author and thought they were perfect? Never faltering in any type of scene? Well, Sue Whyshynski is one of those authors. Words just flow, creating super evocative scenes that you can actually experience with your senses. From mind-numbing terror to bone-melting attraction, Sue’s got you. Exciting chase scenes, sizzling tension, darkness and mystery in vibrating settings. It never goes wrong.The story has a strong sci-fi theme with sprawling tentacles, encapsulating such genres as thriller, urban fantasy and romance. My one grievance (not even that) is that a story that’s explicit in dark scenes and violence should not shy away from love scenes especially when the attraction between the hero and the heroine sizzles from Page 1.The Butterfly Code is a book that made the Top 3 of my 2015 Best Reads list. I highly recommend it to readers of any genre.I was offered this book in exchange for an honest review but also bought my own copy. I always do that when I truly enjoy a book.
This was a fun read! Christina and Lauren write well: the right amount of description to get the reader in the mood, the right amount of internalizing (maybe a little less for the male hero would work better), with the scale definitely tipping toward sexiness. Well, this series is meant to be really sexy and it delivers. The theme here is voyeurism (which doesn’t really do it for me) but it is well-presented without turning vulgar. Sara’s background justifies her willingness to explore her wilder side, and the fact that she was a novice in all that worked in favor of the story-building. About the story-building: well, there really wasn’t one. Apart from an expected twist in the end (really predictable—I mean, hundreds of sexy pictures on all sorts of electronic devices? What did they expect?) it’s mainly all about Sara and Max getting on with it from Chapter One. The problem with these sexy stories is that by the time the reader is halfway through the book, the couple has had so much sex that it’s not so hot anymore. Anyway, the end was satisfactory, and I’ll definitely read the rest of the books in the series.Specifically:Sara Dillon: 3/5 — really sweet and likable heroine, but I couldn’t imagine her being the Finance Head of anything let alone a media giant in New York. She thoroughly lacked the edginess one would expect from such a professional.Max Stella: 4/5 — tall, with a sexy British accent, Max is just … easy: easy to talk to, easy to be with, always available, physically and emotionally, always supportive, handles everything for Sara, never demands… It’s just that, like the heroine, he sort of lacks the backbone I’d like to see the Briton who lives and works in New York have (and do the British say ‘shite’ that much?) Still, he is a dreamboat and he has a moment toward the end when he momentarily shuts down that really, really compensated for all the above.Plot: 3/5 - not much other than the couple’s voyeuristic escapades.Writing: 4/5 — great flow, not over-the-top or self-serving. The writers know exactly how to serve the sub-genre and keep a healthy pace.Sex: 4/5 — there’s lots of sex in the book, but although the locations and the ambience are original, the act itself isn’t. I would even go as far as to say that the settings overshadow the act, but four stars are well deserved.Ending: 4/5 — there was a twist in the end, so we finally got to see a frustrated, angsty Max which was a welcome change, and all in all the ending delivered.So if you want a light, sexy read, go for it!
I finished reading "Spellbound in his Arms" in a single day. Trust me, that was not my intention. My very busy schedule allows me to read while I commute to work and just a bit in bed, before my eyes slide shut and my Kindle hits me on the nose. Well, that wasn't the case here. I stayed up well after my usual bedtime because I just had to finish this riveting story. Angel Sefer weaves an intricate story full of twists, turns, mistrust and unexpected surprises that come down in a torrent from the very first page! The reader has barely time to pause and breathe in the intoxicating bougainvillea aromas or take in the wonderful Corfiat scenery, and yet another gunshot makes investigative reporter Jackie Alexander take flight. Most of the times though, she runs right into gorgeous detective's Michael Apostolou's arms. If only she could be sure where he stands in this web of manipulative, deadly heirs and their victims that keep adding up.If you enjoy suspenseful romances set against an exotic island setting, "Spellbound in his Arms" is just the book for you. Note: this is a sweet romance.
In this final installment of the wonderfully engaging The Lady of the Pier series, exuberant, vivacious Laura has turned reluctant and cautious whereas timid Sofia throws caution to the wind and opens up to life and the people it throws her way. That’s how she unpicks the thread that connects herself and Danny to the tragic story of The Lady of the Pier who has been haunting her dreams.I found the gradual convergence and merging of the main protagonists’ personalities very interesting and expertly weaved in the story by the author. The story itself has heart-rending, dark twists that were more or less expected and led to a bittersweet ending, but that was no surprise. Yet again, both eras (early 40s and late 80s) are portrayed vividly and accurately, branding this trilogy as heartwarmingly nostalgic.A wonderful and fitting ending to a mesmerizing trilogy.
Okay, I shouldn't have five-starred this book. Maybe I shouldn't even have picked it up. But I did. And I loved it to bits! So much that I'd be willing to re-read it. The author tries her best to discourage the faint of heart from buying Dominic. She explicitly explains everything that might disturb the average reader. People cuss. A lot. They beat each other. A. LOT. Everyone sports cuts, bruises, swollen eyes. In every chapter. Dominic keeps calling Bronagh "bitch". Not cool. She keeps throwing things at him. Aiming at his head. He's a possessive bully, harassing her, annoying her at every possible chance. So why did I like it so much?Bronagh is not your average heroine. She's not small and slim (she's in the one-hundred-forties) with a small upper body and a big "arse" that gets her crude comments on a daily basis. That instantly made her likable to me. The fact that she's embraced who she is and slaps her offenders with witty retorts or literally slaps them makes her feisty (too feisty) but each flying object that found its target made my young pushover self (the one I have supposedly left behind) do a little happy dance. Well, it's not like Dominic could not defend himself. He's a solid six foot three underground fighter. And he acts like a fifteen-year-old, liking her so much and choosing to annoy her to bits to get her attention. In spite of how verbally and physically violent this got, I found it unconventionally sweet and heart-warming. Weird? Maybe...I also loved the Irish setting, the authentic Irish lilt, present in all dialogues, the honest-to-God feelings that did not manifest themselves through incessant internalization (as in a typical YA novel) but through candid dialogues. The young protagonists' guardians (Bronagh's sister and Dominic's brothers) were not ignorant--just a presence to add a backdrop to their respective houses--but they took active part in the developing romance, knowing and commenting even in very private matters, resulting in adorable situations. And although there is explicit sex and hair-raising language, the story upholds an Irish girl's dreams. There is talk of marriage, kids, forever-afters, that if I saw in a setting on the other side of the pond, I'd have rolled my eyes. But this is Ireland, guys!Yes, there are faults and imperfections in this book. But it's so gut-wrenchingly honest, just like its author must be, that I ended up loving both. This Greek girl is a fan!!!!
Gen revels in her new "engaged" status until an earthquake literally makes her world crumble. After frantically searching for Mack who's gone missing, she finds him buried under debris in a mansion he had no obvious reason visiting. Her relief is short-lived as his cranial injury robs him of a good part of his memories including those he's made with her. Mack is not Mack anymore. Needing an outlet for the acute sense of loss that cripples her, Gen teams up with detective Devlin Boyle, trying to shed light to the reason Mack was in the uninhabited mansion---a plausible explanation for the apparition of a sobbing woman he claims to have seen and heard there.With Mack retreating, Devlin making advances and a mystery starring a "ghost", Gen has her hands full, but her heart is empty.This is the most gripping story in the captivating Gen Delacourt mystery series. Gen's emotional involvement tamper both with her judgement and her responses, forcing her to assign the case to the cool and smooth Devlin, yet he wants her to be more than his sidekick. For Gen, a committed relationship was shaky ground; losing it means she's lost part of herself, and she has to fight for resolve on many fronts. The emotional aspect in this novel is what makes it stand out.But that doesn't mean that the mystery part is played down. If anything, the addition of a potentially paranormal element makes it even more appealing. Secondary characters pop out strongly, and I was pleased to see Shiloh and Luca returning to help Mack out as did Livvie and Bree to Gen. However, the character that truly shines is Stella, Mack's loyal four-legged friend. She offers solutions, comfort and becomes the bridge that connects the estranged couple, playing a pivotal role throughout.If you've enjoyed Gen Delacourt's mysteries so far, Lock the Cellar Door is not one to miss.
An art professor, Ruth has lost the drive both for her art and teaching. Just like her 28-year-old son who drifts in and out of her life, fun and thirst for new things also seem out of reach. Playing along her best friend's whim to go trekking on the mountains, she has an acutely embarrassing encounter with "Bigfoot" turned rescuer. Shockingly, his fleeting presence becomes creative inspiration.Isaac has fled his high profile life and his demons. Living like a hermit on the mountain, brings lucidity he never experienced while living on the fast track. But the woman whose friend he is forced to help out, affects him in ways he cannot explain, and she unwillingly forces him to re-enter the world. The catch is that his disappearance didn't erase his problems and they instantly flood him to the point of choking him. How can he be what Ruth needs when he himself doesn't know who he is?Believing in Bigfoot is a lesson in believing in life and love regardless of the stage of life you're in. Written with surprising attention to detail both in settings and emotions, this novel flows with naturalness as much as it flirts with nature. The author's loving attention to the minutiae of every day life is charming, and her flexibility and ease in handling complex emotions of characters with huge emotional baggage (remember: this is the opposite of a YA romance) is amazing.The story is well-paced, and the characters full-fleshed and totally relatable. I was drawn in the story from page one, and that was because the settings were rendered so vividly, I could picture them in amazing clarity! If I have to comment on one thing that would be the lack of a distinct point of reference. A center of gravity, if you may. It wasn't the romance so much, as Ruth and Isaac share but a few scenes, or the challenges of friendship and motherhood, as the need to re-invent oneself, re-calibrate one's life at an older age, or maybe the need to let go of excess baggage even when it's become second skin. I'm having some trouble defining the true essence of the story.Other than that, this was a book I enjoyed reading and finished in one (and a half) sitting. If you enjoy sweet romances about second chances, Believing in Bigfoot should be your next read.I was offered this book in exchange for an honest review
Ruby is perfectly happy in the confinement of her own home, cleaning it spotless when she isn't designing apps. But when she turns 22, her parents tell her she's got to make it on her own ... outside.Working as a housekeeper for a geriatric recluse who stipulated in his emails that they weren't to cross paths in his large house is a job made in heaven. Only he turns out to be the opposite of old. But Ruby can handle a young sexy guy as long as they occupy different floors.When a destructive fire forces them to share the same space, they both have to seriously recalibrate their entire outlook on the perks of companionship. And when Tex is coerced to woo the world once again through his music, Ruby's solitude won't ever feel the same.I loved the premise of this story. Give me a grumpy recluse, and I'll give up (almost) anything to read his story. This one is told from Ruby's point of view. We're in her head the entire time and Candy J. Starr does an excellent job keeping in line with her young Australian heroine. I totally got Ruby. She knows exactly what she wants. She's not timid or frightened. She hates the world, anything team related and avoids interactions if she can help it, but this is her choice not the result of some crazy phobia. I hope we get a better look into what shaped her in the second book.However, I had issues relating to Tex. Although he's supposed to have grown up the hard way, fending for himself and his younger sister, he has no concept of money or basic life skills. How had he survived until he made it big? Had it not been for Ruby, he wouldn't have made it through a department store! Another issue I had with him was his total lack of empathy. Sure, he's going through some serious stuff, but even when he emerges, he's still all about mixed signals. He has unreasonable demands and expects people to just deal. And how could he be sleeping next to Ruby for weeks without ever acting on it (until he did, well, sort of)?Great heroine, not so great hero, interesting premise, spot-on writing. I'm definitely reading the next part of this story.Plot 5/5Heroine 5/5Hero 3/5Pacing 4/5Heat Level: Low (some sexual foreplay)
Sloane was dumped by her fiance. And she makes a bad call. To throw her pushy, meddling friends off, she hops on a plane and goes from Chicago to the Highlands, claiming that she's off to find her own perfect Highlander. The last thing she expects is her friends hopping on a plane as well to see that she actually does.Now she has to proposition--for crying out loud--the sexy pub owner to be her pretend boyfriend.A prim country-club-member type of American girl in a backwater Highland village? Guaranteed fun. Especially when said girl has to deal with the cows' "calling cards" smearing the pub's entrance, dirty water pumps to have a simple bath and learning how to mend a fence. But a pushover she is not. She voices her opinion all too often, and the receiving end is almost exclusively the fake boyfriend.Poor Galen. He doesn't know what hit him, but his finances are tight, and the bonny lass offers him the perfect bargain. If one thing bumped me about this vibrant love story was the business side of the deal. Money come up a bit too often, but then the story's conflict lies in exactly how practical Galen is when Sloan lives in kilt fantasy land. Seeing how determined she was to prove him wrong was delightful.I had so much fun reading The Perfect Bargain. The banter was awesome, the setting so authentic I could smell it, the couple's chemistry sizzling, but what I liked the most was how well the characters were developed. I loved how they both didn't internalize forever without openly expressing themselves right after. They knew where the other stood every step of the way, and the charm in the story was how they both tried to convince each other how right they were. I found this approach very refreshing.5 kilted stars to this uplifting story, and I can't wait to read the next book in the How to Marry a Highlander series.I received an ARC in exchange for an honest review.
I've read this book 4 times since I first discovered donna tartt. I've never been so attached to a book in my life. It made me tear up and it is the one that got me back to reading as a hobby
childhood fav
One of my favorites.
"youno facesno facesat alllaughing at nothing—let me tell youI have drunk in skid row rooms withimbecile winoswhose cause was betterwhose eyes still held some lightwhose voices retained some sensibility,and when the morning camewe were sick but not ill,poor but not deluded,and we stretched in our beds and rosein the late afternoonslike millionaires"- Millionaires, Charles Bukowski
Such a lovely book. After long time I read something good! 5 stars
Aaaahhh my childhood... Great book for the history of Greece. All kids and adults should read. Thank you Alki Zei proud that i am Greek.
It's a book got animal lovers. The rest won't get the feeling. Especially at the end whoever has been throw this its very emotional. Unfortunately the editions in my country did a bad job with the pictures of Zizel and we could hardly see anything on the book.
Its was a very interesting stoey starting from the end. The end was unexpected but i liked the way i understood the story even if not all details were mentioned. I will read again for sure Julie Cohen.
Amazing book for an introduction into the world of economy!
Amazing book!! the narration is so vivid that you think you are there!
AMAZING!!! Simple but at the same time travels you into a world with so many details!! I recommend it for sure!!!
A very good introduction book for someone who want to be initiated into a new wold
Amazing book! The new aspects for the world that it gives you, change your entire philosophy for life
An incredible, eye-opening book
3.5/5 ⭐️ I feel like the plot line has great potential. Tbh the first chapters were nothing special but the ending :((((((((Don’t expect it to be a happy book 🥲Translation was absolutely terrible tho.
I LOVED this book! Like i am going to be thinking about it for an entire week. The chemistry of the characters was just amazing 🥹 The Friends-to-Lovers trope was so well written, i am obsessed.
comfort book
4.5/5 Okay i have heard that this book is an emotional rollercoaster but wow.A very good page turner about a small town murder mystery and a girl who has to solve it, gave me “one of us is lying” vibes, really liked it. I loved Pip and Ravi as the main characters (even though it’s not really a romance) 🫶🏼(Personally i had already figured out “who did it” but i was still like AAA)
Loved it but i needed to sob a little :/ also i wanted her a liiiiitle bit more badass, she definitely had the potential
3.5/5 I liked it, but not as interesting as i expected. Agatha Christie’s books are a vibe tho
I got it bc i was obsessed with Hopeless, but for me it was like re-reading the same book and it was a bit boring, couldn’t finish it entirely
i’ll sleep on the highway tonight, thanks for askingSo, it’s a very nice enemies-to-lovers / next-door-neighbours book, with a sprinkle of fake dating. It has a lot of rom-com references (obviously) and a lot of song references (especially Taylor Swift), the main character loves to make playlists so at the end of the book you get their actual playlist 🥹
** spoiler alert ** Possibly like a million spicy scenes, it gets annoying after the 5th scene
Didn’t have the time to read the entire book because i borrowed it from my university’s library but i absolutely loved every second of it
DNF after chapter 3 out of 8 (after 100 out of 264 pages in the greek version), it was so incredibly boring sorry
As much as i tried to gaslight myself into liking this book i couldn’t so i am sorry in advance.First of all, Richard was a terrible and unreliable narrator in my opinion, also there was so much irrelevant rumbling in this book, like the narrator would spend pages speaking about some random object he saw that reminded him of something and he would go on and on about it for no reason. All the characters were completely out of touch with reality, completely unlikable and heavily stereotypical (and basically mostly drunk) . I know that that was the point of the book (that they were unlikable elitist rich kids that studying Classics was their only personality trait) but for me it was more of the “i can’t stand to read one more page about them” kind of unlikable.The characters act like they are better and smarter than everyone else while in reality all they have is false confidence. We notice that early in the book when they were making constant mistakes in their Greek and Latin while they were considering themselves as some sort of geniuses that managed to communicate in these languages (that i as a native greek speaker managed to understand).Also there was no character development. And on a 600 page book about 5-6 main characters you expect at least some kind of character development. Nope, we left them how we found them. For me it was kind of a boring and overwritten book, but that’s just my opinion and it just didn’t fit me. It had some shocking moments but they lasted very little and were barely talked about again.p.s. the “charismatic professor” was barely in the book, his character was almost non-existent
an okay book, nice plot, but that dark-themed flower shop was getting on my nerves
Possibly the best Colleen Hoover book i have read (when i was 15 in 2016 with the mindset of a 15 year old so don’t ruin it for me)
Very pleased when i finished this great book...it was a very pleasant surprise because it is a not very known title from Karagatsis and is so good one !
Well i am not sureIt is little complicated for meIt is consindered as a classic but i found it little hard and words words words.But i am not sure...it is better for this book to mature on me to have a better picture.I have to add that the book meanings in a second level.
3,5 stars to be honest.
Well another classic with great reviews.I can't understand what people like so so so much in this book ?If you have no relation with Buddhism , what is the so deep meaning ?I hope the other Hesse book are better that i would like to read !
A zero star classic !!Keep away !!
I liked a lot the language that Oscar Wilde uses !
4.5 to be more accurate !!Pleasant surprise for me !!
0.3/5 starsAs i started reading this "classic" i realized how useful is the "SPEED READING " method.Some people may say with this method you lose the magic moment of the book you read....well thats what i wanted to do!!!!Oh god i could't afford any more !In one moment i would burn the book as the "government" would do in our story !So many symbolism ...oh my god...great futuristic scenes !!!The worst text by far !!
Well ....my first read of Jo Nesbo.I am not a big fan of the genre but i like to read one or two in a year , let alone when the author is so popular as Mr Nesbo .I have to say that i liked the way of writing but the plot was not something special for my taste . It has some twists but no dazzling ones .Of course a plus for the book are some information about police,drama acting and so on !Maybe another story of Harry will impress me more !
Not so good read.
No wonder why Carlos Ruiz Zafon’s “The Shadow of the Wind” has been the most important publishing phenomenon in Spain after Don Quixote, having been translated in over 40 languages and having sold over 15 million copies all over the world: because no reader can fail in finding a part of one’s self agonies in its pages. The novel starts as a tribute to rare literature, continues as a first love and adulthood story, turns into a mystery novel, in the dark, atmosphere of a charming, yet traumatised by war and dictatorship Barcelona, to end up in an existential drama, revealing in its story-within-story and everyone-is-surprisingly(!)-connected-to-everyone plot, the answer to a most tormenting question: what does it take to survive oblivion?Zafon put all his huge story telling talent and his endless literary skills (you can spot at least four exquisite ways he describes a smile) in the Shadow of the Wind, proving once more what we already know about literature: that what matters even more than what you say in a world where everything more or less has been said, is how you say it. Despite the too many coincidences and the asymmetries in rythme and length of certain chapters, it is a great read, addressing to anyone wishing to find a part of hers/his in its pages.
The protagonists: One more strange couple, the wanna-be -famous painter Ellen Cherry and the simple, yet straight minded -who-accidentally-became-famous-artist husband of hers, Boomer Perway...The scene: a restaurant owned by a Jewish and an Arab, built across the UN building in New York, where Ellen Cherry works as a waitress...And as leitmotifs: speaking objects-a spoon, a dirty sock and a can of beans, which disappear and reappear, and a turkey-shaped airstream, which hosts the couple's love and pursuit of happiness.And the connecting point of all these: an exotic dancer, who reveals the beauty of her nudity, by removing one by one her seven veils and driving everyone watching her crazy.The biggest asset of this novel, in my opinion (if it is ever easy to choose amongst many) is the author's dexterity to combine internal -personal needs, insecurities, dreams, psychoses- and external -the notion of conflict and peace- concerns, in a way that the answer to all these seems to be the same: liberation from imaginary constructions that prevent us from realizing our authentic nature, which is made of love and destined to seek and give love.Like tunnels, which coincide, divert, interwind, get parallel or contradictory routes, all these concerns end up in the same Robbin's beloved destination: Freedom. He deals with the insecurities of Ellen Cherry in the same way he deals with Middle East Issue. He speaks about hypocrisy as the biggest constraint in our love or social life in the same way he condemns it for ruining people's lives in the international arena.Deep, funny, sensitive and hard at the same time, it is Robbins most multi-level work.If I personally had to remember only one thing from the book that would be the trick with the eyes and the lost look that distorts reality, which constitutes one more amazing Tom Robbins finding. When I saw my 4-year-old daughter doing it, I immediately thought that it was a trick Robbins also must have used as a child. And it is probably connected to many littletruths at the same time: reality is out there, no matter what kind of look you choose. But if you undermine its omnipotence, you may have the chance to rebuild it. Or, even better: letting your mind play with reality could just be the beginning of creation.
http://bookavities.blogspot.com/2020/...I hadn’t read To The Lighthouse until recently and it has been a quite revealing experience, the one brilliant novels are supposed to be giving you at a time when you have given up looking out too far or too high and simply just start looking inside and around you.To the Lighthouse is a real masterpiece for hundreds of reasons (technique, characters, language, images, historical background, autobiographical references, lack of plot, the notions of loss, hope or peace), but I will insist on 4 of them:- The first part is a deeply psychoanalytical trip to the writer’s childhood, which revives memories of her mother’s presence, whom she had lost at the age of 13. But above all, it is an effort to face her own ambivalent feelings towards her father’s controversial influence in her life and accept the fact that this is who really was, an austere, down to earth, yet insecure personality who was encouraging and disappointing at the same time, offering knowledge, but taking hope away. Through the pages of the book, she gives herself a last chance to come to terms with the ambiguous presence of the person who exerted the greatest influence in her life, who helped her move forward and at the same time kept her back. It is a last chance for reconciliation, and thus, peace. Through this very prism, the return to the Lighthouse takes a symbolic dimension: it represents Mr Ramsey’s effort to make up for not standing up to his kids’ hopes and expectations and at the same time, it symbolises Woolf’s acceptance of her father’s limitations.- The writer intentionally presents two different worlds of thought, represented by female and male characters respectively. Her narration of Mrs Ramsey’s behaviour and mindset are profound empathy studies avant la lettre. Unlike Mr Ramsey who was logical, fact/oriented and overly analytical, his wife approached the world in a simpler way, understanding people, before understanding facts, and trying to lead situations towards a next level, acting in a synthetical and, therefore, more creative way, proving that “wisdom is only half way to truth”. - The whole novel is about loss. Loss of beloved people, of hope, of carelessness, of a world that doesn’t exist anymore. The second part takes place after the war. Some of the protagonists have died in the meantime, catastrophe and despair have prevailed, things seem like they will never be the same again. The remaining heroes try to find their way to the future, living with all these losses, making them part of who they are and how they live. - Finally, Woolf’s narrative style is one of a kind...it’s amazing how she can use so many words to refer to feelings and senses, without actually describing them and never putting the heroes even explicitly express them. The scene where Mr Ramsey is watching his wife knitting and asks her to say at least for once that she loved him and her never saying it, knowing that she has proved it in many ways and he knows it, is one of the best in the book. Especially as it is followed by a beautiful scene, with the dark sea in the background, with him still in waiting and her smiling, looking out of the window and thinking “nothing on earth can equal this happiness”. Without even having to tell us what “this” refers to. To the Lighthouse is a masterpiece in so many ways pertaining to style, but its huge contribution goes beyond its literary value. It is the deep understanding of the human nature, but even more than that, it’s the way its is presented: no judgement, no morality applied, no preaching, no conclusions. The author is just there to observe, to assimilate, to comprehend.
One of the rare and rather blurry reading situations, when, although you understand how well written a book is (touching topic, strong characters, profound philosophical background, well structured descriptions, to-the-point use of images and photographs), you still can’t dip deep into its narrative waters. The slow rhythms, the melancholic ambience of 60s Prague, the photos in black and white and the delayed catharsis(?) leave the reader with a feeling of dissatisfaction. But then again, maybe this is what the book is all about: being dissatisfied at the irrational, helpless in front of the tragic; Because, above all, the novel is nothing more than an elegy dedicated to forced loss of history and memory, a tribute to all those who were violently cut off their roots, without ever understanding why.I don’t think I will remember much of it in the end. But what will always linger in my memory is one scene:Austerlitz’ encounter with his nanny Viera, after so many years, and the way they hugged. And one phrase:“No one can explain exactly what happens within us when the doors behind which our childhood terrors lurk are flung open.” Austerlitz, 2001, last and final book by W.G. Sebald.https://bookavities.blogspot.com/2020...
Imagine a writer opening a hole in the bedroom walls of a young couple and following them as their relationship grows old. And then imagine this writer freezing the scenes, in which the couple seems to be stumbling upon illusions, disappointments and dead ends, popping up to explain what went wrong from a psychological point of view. This is precisely the idea of Alain de Botton’s “Course of Love”. The lives of his heroes, are under scrutiny not only since the day they met, but practically since the day they were born.3/4 of the book seems to be about things we already know, suspect or have experienced (if engaged in long term relationships)-with much of the “advice” expressed in a cliché kind of fashion (relationships are less about passion and more about working things out, the reflection of our imperfection on our other half, games of power, childhood traumas, Oedipus complex etc etc). Yet, don’t pass this book, which is worth reading for 3 reasons:1. The rest 1/4 of its content, which is not cliché (For instance, the reference to loneliness, although not as extended as it should be, gives a different perspective from what we are used to hearing)2. The destruction of certain illusions (if there are any left, of course 😂), showing the uselessness of ungrounded idealism3. The reference to the need for balance between keeping part of yourself to yourself and being totally transparent. An idea revealing per se, as our generation (of partners, parents etc) has idolised outspokenness in the name of truth (whose truth and why should the notion of truth be confused with the need to constantly share?)And one final remark: though the book was written 4 years ago, in a context characterized by the vagueness of a “millennial” approach of relationships, it barely explains why we keep on feeling the need to make old fashioned types of long term relationships work. This can’t be just the need not to be alone or to be incessantly loved. There is something more which the book, although touching one basic string of what leads us to fight for making things last, fails to dive deeper into. The relationship between two love partners is the most powerfully transforming bond that can exist. It’s two worlds evolving into a third one, equally created by the two partners. Not even the parent-child relationship or the one of two close friends can compare to it in terms of evolutionary and transformative effect, as the interaction (and interdependence in many cases) does not create the same sort of team, within which the participants continue to evolve, feeding the relationship and being fed by it. All other forms of relationships are between individuals that give to each other. Lovers give to each other AND their relationship, their new world. So, it’s not anymore about fighting about oneself or your other half in relationship; it’s about fighting for the relationship itself, for what you have created along with your beloved one, which keeps evolving. The book, stuck in its (valuable, no question) pragmatism, fails to present this human need, although some references reflect directly on this very parameter. The fairy tale is not about eternal lust or unconditional understanding or a constant feeling of fulfilment. It is about moving to a next level where you experience the best possible version of your life and you are the best possible version of yourself. That’s the real investment we make psychologically. http://bookavities.blogspot.com/2020/...
http://bookavities.blogspot.com/2021/... “Life: a constellation of vital phenomena—organization, irritability, movement, growth, reproduction, adaptation”.What is life, if not an incessant play of action, reaction, progress, adjustment and intervention? And how can one continue to live when everything around them is almost destroyed?In his extraordinary debut novel, Anthony Marra, moving back and forth over a course of 20 years (from 1994 to 2004), narrates the stories of three families in Chechnya, whose lives are intertwined in -absolute or less obvious - ways, forming strong bonds of love, compassion, hatred and betrayal. Each one of them - 8-year-old Havaa, Akhmed, a failed doctor who saves her the night her father was captured, tough doctor Sonja, who looks after her in a ghost hospital, her sister Natasha, who disappears again after having survived a nightmarish trafficking experience, old historian Khasan and his son Ramzan- all have a story to tell, which goes beyond the limits of human endurance. In their stories, where family secrets are revealed, the notion of Liberty takes multiple dimensions, History writes itself and Life has its own rules, the only X factor with a multiplying spillover effect is -yes, yes.. - love. A fabulous novel, not only about the power of human affection but also about survival and the price coming with it in cruel times.
Midnight Library is a well written fairy tale for adults. All adults, but especially those who overthink, who always feel messed up, who measure their lives with socially accepted standards, who confuse success with happiness, who have only learned how to respond to other people’s expectations, who always wonder how their life would be if only they had made a different choice. Meaning...most of us belonging to generation x and the ones prior to it. Who are used to taking on unnecessary guilt, but who have difficulties in taking their own responsibilities. As most fairy tales, the novel deals with profound ideas, in a simple (in this case simplistic) way: the idea of a multiverse, where second chances are possible, the notion of “regret” and the irrationality of ex post evaluation of one’s choices, the meaning of happiness, of trying to explain vs just living (?? **While the other ideas where more or less stereotypically explained, I was a bit confused about the messages on this one) and the the fight against depression. What’s more, with many Thoreau thoughts here and there (a real delight for us, fans of the Transcendental Club, even for the mere joy of quoting them 😉 ), it becomes a really interesting read.Taking into consideration the novel’s theme, the convincing main character, as well as the fact that it’s neither too profound nor too shallow, it’s not difficult to understand why the hype last year. And there is one thing for sure: it would definitely make a good movie 🎥 (For more details, you can check http://bookavities.blogspot.com/2021/... )
https://bookavities.blogspot.com/2019...Williams is a very particular case in my mind (and heart) for a million reasons. To name but a few (and try to stop me):Because he gives the notion of duty a different dimension, seeing it as merely the result of free choice, away from the antithetical pattern "duty vs. desire".Because his characters, therefore, despite the fact that they seemingly cannot always lead the kind of life they wish, they end up living the best life version possible, given their choices. And they are aware of it.Because his anti-heros are as emblematic as his heros, indicating that he does not perceive happiness or success in the conventional way.Because he shows the confidence inements of human action in their real dimensions, without whining or leaving the ghost of a vague idea of "injustice" or "randomness" overshadow what he considers the essence of choice.Because he manages to show the real drama without being dramatic.Because his -not numerous- novels are so different from one another, revealing a charming need to experiment with new forms, topics, depths.Because it is obvious that he lives what he writes and writes what he has lived.Because he sees his often failing heros with the wisdom and compassion of a generous creator, teacher, author. He feels love and understanding for them, not pity.Because -and this is one of the most touching things about his career- he was not lucky enough to gain the worldwide acknowledgement he deserved while he was still alive, but somehow, as a reader, you have the feeling that he was not missing it.Augustus is a novel in epistolary form.The narrative is set in classical Rome, following the rise and reign of Octavius Caesar (Augustus), who succeeded Julius Caesar after his murder. In the first part narrations of how he obtained power prevail, exterminating his enemies, whilst the second part particularly focuses on the difficult decision Augustus had to make when he exiled his daughterJulia in Pandateria, accused of numerous extramarital affairs.Letters and memoirs from Augustus himself, his nurser, his second wife, his daughter, and many emblematic personalities like Maecenas, Cicero, Marcus Antonius, Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa etc. portray the efforts of a man who tried to transform chaotic Rome into a state of peace, (law and) order, balancing with great difficulty between justice and pragmatism.Through the novel's pages, which is a succinct Manual on Politics (in a rather Shakespearean and less Macchiavelian sententious way), the reader can live the atmosphere of a state trying to be reborn ("...the glorious word concealed the deed of horror; that the appearance of tradition and other cloaked the reality of corruption and chaos"), but often indulging into affluence, intrigues and lower instincts ("that the call to liberty and freedom closed the minds, even if those who called, to the facts of privation, suppression and sanctioned murder"), smell the air of conspiracies, visualize the artistic and literary activity, and finally feel the surrender of human laws to human passions.Putting aside the book's impeccablerelation to history facts (which was never the blog's main concern anyway, much as we adore books with historic references), two main things are breathtaking about this book: the dexterity, with which Williams describes the parallel life courses of a leader and a man, combined in the body of Octavius, who becomes who he is "out of the force of his person and the accident of his fate", and a subtle layer of irony not only when referring to historical facts (i.e the Philippus of Athens, addressing to Lucius Annaeus Seneca writes "let us pray to the Gods that, under Nero, will at last fulfill the dream of Octavius Caesar") but predominantly when referring to one's fate, as the presumable result of a sequence of events or of their personality ("a man may live like a fool for a year and become wise in a day", "I have found veins of strength like gold in decaying rock; in the cruelest of men, flashes of tenderness and compassion; and in the vainest of men, moments of simplicity and grace").Julia's story is a strong point of reference in the novel. She is the victim, the daughter sacrificed on the altar of political interests and at the same time a privileged aristocrat; her father's only child who has access to opulence and education unimaginable for a girl at that historical period. A charismatic woman who decides to turn into goddess, after her delayed sexual awakening. And she gets punished for that. Julia is Augustus' mirror, for her life reflects the consequences of his choices, her desires to break her chains reflect his weakness to do so and her pain his own for having to survive so many losses. In a chapter, which gives us one of the most profound definitions of erotic love, surprisingly enough not through Julia's diary, but through the Emperor's letter.Great structure, strong character building and deeply touching confessions in a book where you don't get enough of wisdom, revolutionary in its simplicity and, at the same time, complex in the way it involves all the X factors necessary to bring a particular result. Or just reverse it.("people may endure an almost incredible series of darkest failures without breaking; but give them respite and some hope for the future, and they may not endure an unexpected denial of that hope")
** spoiler alert ** I read Madame Bovary for the first time at early adolescence for the unique reason that it belonged to the “forbidden” for my age books category (😂😂) in my parents’ bookshelf. And the truth is that, back then, I read nothing more than a scandalous adultery story with tragic ending for the naive heroine. A few years later, a really inspiring professor referred to the novel as the epitomy of futility. And I reread it, seeing it through this very prism: how catastrophic it is to try in vain to place yourself where you don’t really belong, simply to pursue unrealistic goals or satisfy non existent needs. But that was not the end of my coming back to the book: the class conflict perspective was next, seeing now Emma as the victim of existential pressures, as expressed by the rise of new bourgeoisie culture, spilling over its effect and deceptive charm to lower classes: pomposity, vanity, social rise at any cost, the unbearable boredom of clichés, the idolisation of shallow romances. Most of which of course, contradicted (at times successfully) the reality check of Reason, another important pole of influence at that time. For Emma, nourished by superficial romantic novels, her marriage was an escape from peasantry, her unlucky love affairs an escape from marriage and her expensive way of life that lead to all her debts an escape from all the above. And here comes the best part : Having left behind all the existential and social parameters of the novel, time finally came for me to reread it, based on one single criterion: AESTHETICS. What can you say there! Flaubert is a real artist, (making art for art’s sake, without taking sides), seeking to create the perfect sentence, the perfect paragraph, the perfect book, introducing a new approach in literature: that of the writer “present everywhere and visible nowhere”. His work is a reaction against romanticism (a deeply aesthetic and, to a certain point, psychological reaction against the romantic production of his time and maybe...his lover, poet Louise Colet?), with huge attention paid to form and with prose stylistically equivalent to poetry. He manages to create all sorts of ambiences through realistic -almost natural - descriptions (the narration in the Ball scene are exquisite in this sense), of Emma’s sensuality (through neutral descriptions of her fingers and tongue and mouth as she did so ordinary things like sewing or drinking water or just nothing), of her tragic death (the convulsions, the hands plucking, the cold rising from her feet- he is said to have thrown up twice until he finished it), of every sentiment the heroes experience. We note only a few of the legendarily meticulous descriptions.About Emma: “as she sewed, she kept prickling her fingers, which she raised to her mouth to suck”...”she leaned back to drink, and with her head back, her lips trust out, her neck tense, she laughed at feeling nothing”...”while the tip of her tongue, passing between her delicate teeth, licked with little stabs at the bottom of the glass”.About the bourgeoisie: “Reverently, she put away in her chest of drawers her beautiful dress, and even her satin shoes whose soles had been yellowed by the slippery wax of the dance floor. Her heart was like them. Contact with wealth had laid something over it that could not be wiped away.”“ those who were beginning to age had a youthful look, while a touch of maturity overlay the face of younger. In their indifferent gazes floated the tranquility of passions daily gratified, and beneath their gentle manners was visible that particular brutality imparted by domination in rather easy things, in which one’s strength is exerted and one’s vanity tickled - the handling of thoroughbred horses and the company of fallen women.”I guess this must have been the course of the novel’s reception through time: at first it was seen as a blasphemous read, then as the tragic story of a fantasising woman, with a bit of class oriented criticism, until it was perceived as a literary masterpiece, establishing modern realist narration. But it might be something more than this: Flaubert excelled in creating impartial, morally neutral and sentiment-free narrations PRECISELY to touch issues pertaining to morality and sentimentality. He provoked all kinds of sentiments and judgements one can feel and come up with and maybe he didn’t even know himself where he stood, morally and sentimentally, towards Madame Bovary as a human being, maybe also as to what she represented. For him, apart from the pursuit of form perfection, the novel was like a game to himself and the readers to provoke first their resentment and then their sympathy for almost all the heroes: Emma, Charles, even Monsieur Homais. It is a test for our negative feelings, how they are affected by our ethical predispositions and how easily they give their place to understanding, compassion, forgiveness. He doesn’t use the tragic end to force these feelings, he doesn’t manipulate the reader. He presents with realism the bare truth of failure, betrayal and death, only to show how they pertain to human nature, exactly the way superficiality, lack of realism and poor judgement do. And that it really is normal. Proving himself and the readers that the ugliness of the world and of human fate is everywhere-even in perfect sentences. http://bookavities.blogspot.com/2020/...
http://bookavities.blogspot.com/2018/...Have you ever imagined what it is like to share all common characteristics of a group and yet not feeling like really belonging to it? Could you conceive what it is like to find yourself trapped in your own choices, alienated from whom you think you've always known and, finally, doubting who you really are?Well, there is no book describing these feelings better than In the Light of What We Know, the debut novel of Zia Haider Rahman. With his sharp, penetrating look into people's behaviors and souls, the author described -to the most profound extent possible- the sentiment of seeing the world you thought you knew collapsing around you. And though you had the signs and you could have possibly had an idea of what awaits you, for some strange reason you chose to go on, these signs didn't seem to help you reach the destination you had set in mind.Is it because you couldn't fully comprehend what the data was? Or because you couldn't read the signs? Or simply because the main purpose of knowledge is not to enlighten you, after all, but to give you more choices?choices you either have to be able to support or alternatively just let yourself open to randomness, (either as failure or as serendipity) or, to be more precise, to life itself, as it flows, and accept that maybe it's not up to you to reach your originally set destination.The book, although full of references to the power of mathematics, both literal and symbolic, is a lot more than the limits of knowledge in human (or international) relations. I don't remember having read anything stronger about the insatiable need to belong somewhere and always failing to, no matter how hard you try or how well studied your steps are towards the direction of putting down your own roots somewhere.The choice of his characters is perfect for serving the purpose of describing this need, not only because the author shares biographical similarities with one of his heros, Zafar, but mainly because he manages to reveal the same sentimental gap in the lives of two seemingly different people, the same failure to use knowledge, in order to touch happiness.The protagonists are two men from South Asia -a rich Pakistani, belonging to the British aristocracy and a Bangladeshian immigrant, raised in poverty, succeeding to become a prominent human rights lawyer - whose life paths are crossed at two very crucial (for different reasons) moments for them. During their second encounter, their souls are being revealed until they remain naked, until their sentiment of existential isolation is revealed. Zafar is the one who finally collapses under the burden of his failure -not to see, but -to find a stable land to belong to. His friend, having accepted his inability to see, the way Zafar could, bears his failure more patiently, still tortured, though, by a huge gap in his soul.Zafar's desperate efforts to finally belong somewhere and the anger that follows this failure are apparent throughout the pages of the book. With touching honesty and surprising accuracy, the author refers to embarrassing incidents when people tried to use political correctness or simply their British manners -not necessarily including politeness- just to confirm their ignorance about his background, point out how different he is after all, or, even worse, make sure to absolutely make clear that passport control will always be there, reigning over full integration or personal achievements.Zafar's description of his feeling of estrangement gives the author a great opportunity to talk about differences.Not only between Asia and the western world, but also between the US and Europe, between aristocracy and less privileged people.With phrases like: "less privileged people at a certain point in their life stop having faith that things will get better*", he sums up the difference in psychology and perception of the future of people coming from poor backgrounds who have to try hard to achieve living conditions better than the ones they were born into.But mostly, he criticizes the condescending perception and attitude of the so-called western civilization towards people coming from poor, "exotic" countries, who, in the eyes of Europeans or Americans, will always be the ones to have to struggle more, in order to gain an "enviable" position among them.It is a book full of personal and social traumas and therefore much much anger. In light of what we know could be categorized as a Big Ideas novel not only because of the various topics it deals with, trying to contain all modern reality in a few hundred pages (international relations between East and West, recent financial crisis), but also because of the way the author himself gets in and out of it - in and out of the story, of history, of ideas, of himself. He is observer and experiencer, active protagonist and mere listener, mirror and judge of his heros -all in one breath.Rahman writes with the same mathematical accuracy -his reflexes on the art of deduction are exquisite!- when he describes human behavior as when he describes the theater of internationals interactions. His narration of the step by step collapse of a love affair, that leads to the break down of a human being (or maybe more?) is heartbreaking.At this point, I must admit, though, that I found the narration is a bit unfair to the character of Emily, not because it rigidly unveils her loveless approach, but because the author didn't give us many clues about her, apart from the traumatic divorce of her parents, so that we can fully understand her character, her choices and her behavior motives. She was unable to love him, or love, in general? Why did she choose to be with him throughout all these years and after so many signs that either of them was really happy?This detail answered or not, the description of the collapse still remains very powerful. Especially the last three pages, where the thoughts and fates of the two heros are interwinded are more than touching, more than magnificent: two friends (and potential national, social and even love enemies) walk together to the end of life, of knowledge, of experience, of time, of failure. They are different, they explain unhappiness in a different way, yet they are there, experiencing it equally deep. As simple as that.Last, but not least, it is noteworthy that, among this rain of concrete knowledge on the omnipotence of mathematics, the Bangladesh Liberation War, Philip Roth, the power of metaphors, religious fundamentalism, the 2008 financial crisis and MDf details, the author proves to be an excellent thriller narrator, using suspense techniques and character-focused analysis to give us, within the pages of the book, a really breathtaking geopolitical spy story...In a nutshell, it's not just a novel. It's many novels combined in a wonderful book, where the reader enjoys every single page, every single word. An absolute masterpiece, where intellectual stimulation goes hand in hand with pure sentimental enjoyment.P. S.: 1. I know that one of the criteria of the impact of the book is how much its "ghost" lingers in your thoughts. As far as I am concerned, from now on, every smile I notice will always be filtered through the "Douchenne formula". And no smile will ever go unnoticed without my thoughts running back to In the Light of What We Know.P. S 2: An ode to the art of precision: "From pride to narcissism, the road has always been spread with corpses"
** spoiler alert ** With his debut novel Laurent Binet takes us by a very very pleasant surprise: his narration of the assasination of Nazi leader Reinhard Heydrich in Prague by Jozef Gabčik and Jan Kubiš, which is interwoven with the description of the author's personal research of the story and his concern as a writer to present it in a literarily interesting way, creates a quite alluring result: through the combination of historic elements and personal confessions, we have the birth of a new, fresh and quite charming -without nevertheless risking its profoundness -style of historic novel. Though sometimes strongly self-referential, Binet manages to pass not only his personal thoughts, feelings, ideas and perceptions through, but also to create a link between him and his highly esteemed Resistance heros and describe their act through a pragmatic as well as sentimental spectrum, which finally provokes deeper feelings of sympathy and admiration for them (and also for him...).http://bookavities.blogspot.com/2017/... Playing charmingly with details, he recreates not only a whole historical period, but also the atmosphere of the particular attempt, paying tribute to history and literature at the same time. As he firlmly believes -and is surely proven, even if we don't always realize it-"Memory is of no use to the remembered, only to those who remember. We build ourselves with memory and console ourselves with memory"In the final chapters Binet proves really impressive in descriptions. Especially in the scenes describing the siege of Litige by the Nazis, he proves a real artist of narration.Rich in historic elements, powerful in descriptions, highly stylish, it's definitely a novel worth reading. I don't share the impression that it was just a surprising literary firework, I think we will see again Binet coming up with new ways to impress us.
https://bookavities.blogspot.com/2019... "Something more is always expected"And in these five words, Antonio di Benedetto summarizes the life of Doctor Diego de Zama, an 18th-century administrator in the service of imperial Spain, who is stuck in his Paraguayan post for years, away from his wife. Through the author's sad, pessimistic narration, we get to know Zama's pathetic view of his own life in his "temporary" exile in Latin America- a life that struggles between staying alive for the sake of a better future and gradually losing what makes this (present or future) life worth living for: passion, enthusiasm, involvement. Until all these subside, leaving expectation void and naked.The novel was first published in 1956, but we got to know it no earlier than 2016 when it was published in English. In 2017 Lucretia Martell directed the film Zama, which received widespread acclaim from critics and blog reviewers. I haven't seen the movie, but I admit that I read the book, influenced by the wave of enthusiasm that followed its reputation. Something was telling me that -the not so famous to Europeans- di Benedetto, would embrace the same 60's Latin American authors (Ernesto de Sabbato, Carlos Fuentes and Mario Vargas Llosa and -to a lesser extent- Alejo Carpentier and Gabriel Garcia Marquez) pattern of the exploration of the subconscious, in direct interaction with external conditions. And my instinct was right: Di Benedetto not only dived deeply into all levels and shades of anticipation and despair, but he went much further: he described the transformation of a man, whose actions are ghosted by his expectations, into a man totally disarmed by them.The novel is separated in three chapters: in the first one we have practically a wonderful thesis on the feeling of guilt, with the description of his unrequited love for Luciana. In this chapter he is just a fragile man, causing rather the sympathy of the reader, as he is filled with fear and confusion, having his eyes only set on the future and the ideal of a well deserved life expecting him.In the second chapter, we watch him go through the phase of realism. Zama has risen in hierarchy, but although he has pure Spanish blood, running through his veins, having been born in the colonies trims his prospects and keeps holding him back. He now has an active sexual life and creates a second, questionable family. It is the decade of mistakes and compromises, until paranoia penetrates him and he finally becomes who he fears.The final chapter is the strongest one, where Zama commits himself into going after criminal Porto in a hunting which ends up in his capture by the countryside arm of thieves.The chapter is dominated by a magnificent, an astonishingly superb scene, when the hero finally meets his real self. Which reveals what we have been suspecting all the time: that the transformation has only been superficial, that he has always been the fragile man we had seen in the beginning of the story, terrified over the corpse of a monkey, which managed to make that river journey only when she was dead.The anticipatory anxiety and the vanity that surrounds expectations in Zama reminds us of the Tartar Steppe, but unlike Giovanni Drogo there, who is expecting his glorious moment to come, Diego de Zama is, in fact, not expecting anything glorious: he has just invested in a moment in the future when his current pathetic and stagnated life will be past. And while hoping, he continues to live in stagnation, surpassing guilt, fear, pride, principles and feelings of affection, only to realize that, in the end, he has surpassed life itself.Probably the most characteristic scene is the one with the poisonous spider walking over the body of a friend of his, while he's just watching, unwilling to act at all, confirming his total resignation or even something worse: a sick curiosity to watch the results of his inertia, (what we would call today sociopathy).The narration, plain and clear as it might seem, is full of metaphors in various levels, symbolisms (the dead monkey, the fish struggling against the river waves), with direct reference and living images, balancing between dream and reality.And the question remains:Who is Doctor Don Diego de Zama, after all?Is he an idealist?is he an ambitious officer?is he a victim or an inhuman creature, covering his soulless existence behind an ambition?Or as some critics tend to see, the fear of the author himself, impersonated in a character dying under the burden of non fulfillment?Maybe, after and above all, he is the man, who knows what a man 's got to do, how to act in a manly way, what to endure in a manly way, only to discover that being a man and acting like a man not only doesn't necessarily exclude fear, but mainly, it doesn't prevent him from his inevitable end."Ready to go and not going".
** spoiler alert ** I started reading Houellebecq after he had already become notorious. So I knew what I was expecting: huge doses of sex scenes of every kind (that’s definitely not the notorious part - though a few of them seem naively unrealistic and others scream wishful thinking), islamophobic ideas (this definitely IS-after the third book you realize it is more than an obsession) and an uncertain, ambiguous at times approach of modern feminism. In Platform, the first two elements present no real surprise for someone who is familiar with his ideas. Sex is used not only as a provocative tool, but also a way to express his deep concern about the devastating -selon lui- influence of western civilization, which is killing natural human instincts and renders people into passive and pathetic individuals. In his perception, the art of sex is the last bastion of authenticity which has to remain intact. And it is around this idea that he builds a solid story of a tourism industry taking advantage precisely of this need in order to expand. The firm’s plans are destroyed by a terrorist attack -caused by Muslims, what a surprise!- in Thailand, the place where the hero’s story starts and ends. In parallel, we get to become witnesses of the empty life of a man (named Michel...one more surprise!) before meeting and after losing the woman of his dreams, the witty, pretty and sexually liberated Valerie. His anti-migrant attitude is spilt all over the plot (migrants are to blame for all crimes -his father’s murder, his colleague’s rape), although he seems too tired to even concentrate this time too much on the“devastating effect” of their presence in French society.What is unexpected, though, in this novel is the author’s approach towards women, which is totally different from the one that “shock” us in most of his works. Valerie, the love of his life, for example, is his equal companion and, at certain aspects, is proving better than him. Even when discribing the Thai prostitutes, Houellebecq is more careful and -given the circumstances- more respectful to their work than when referring to their Arab colleagues in long “Submission”. His early readers might also remember how harsh he was in his behavioral descriptions (in Whatever, for instance) of middle aged women without relationships or women in therapy, pretending that the descriptions could not apply to males in similar situations as well. In Platform, he doesn’t seem more companionate, but at least he doesn’t discriminate: he is equally judgemental to both sexes.Finally, the fact that he doesn’t refer to details about Marie-lize’s rape and in, general, he describes her emotional wreck with certain sensitivity -combined with the right dose of distance- is a sign of unexpected carefulness on his side.Indeed, the Platform seems to be a mature novel and at the same time the resultant of his basic - mostly enraging- ideas and contradictions.The man is a charismatic narrator. That explains his huge success internationally (that and the sex scenes). As is the case with many exciting story tellers, though, this doesn’t necessarily mean that his works are of great literary value -most of them indeed are not. The Platform is an exception: there is an excellent balance between narrative distance and psychological proximity, which sheds light on the hero’s every single feeling and state of mind: from cynicism to despair, from love to contempt, from pain to numbness. His dialogues are well structured and the deliberate lack of answers in crosstalks has a pretty strong effect. The descriptions are straight and juicy, despite the minimalism in expressive means. Even the hero’s (and author’s) cognitive contradictions are revealed in the barest way and manage to make him more human than protagonists or other Houellebecq novels: emptiness v. meaningfulness, misanthropy v. love, distance v. being taken care of. All needed, all experienced and all finally repulsed.What remains after the reader’s wide array of feelings, varying from anger to pity and from admiration to disappointment, is the author’s deep confusion when it comes to the answer to modern (wo)man’s problems, which lies in front of his/our eyes. Houellebecq describes it in his own peculiar way, only to contradict it at the end of the day.https://bookavities.blogspot.com/?m=1
http://bookavities.blogspot.com/2019/...You have a 900-pages book at hand, which revolves around one of the most popular themes of modern cinema and literature -the "what if" pattern-, written by one of the most recognizable contemporary American authors. What is definitely certain is that for the next few hours - most probably days- you are going to dive into a sea of in-depth narrations, character descriptions, historical details, sociological references and profound analyses of human relations, all of which will be presented under the same common denominator: how a slight deviation changes every time the rules of the game.What you cannot predict about this book, though, is that no matter how many pages you read about smaller or bigger random deviations or how many versions of the same personal story you see, you end the book with the feeling that it is not deviations that define the end. After all, the end, different as it might seem in each of the four stories, is not even important eo ipso. It's just the end of a mathematical sequence, which doesn't tell us that much about the kind of person that our protagonist has turned into. And at that point you realize that it is not randomness which plays the pivotal role in the stories.After such a conclusion, one might expect that the author wishes to shed light on another critical factor: fate. Is everything so pre-determined that no matter what turns life can get, everything ends up the way it is meant to?And here comes the biggest surprise. Because the author makes it clear he doesn't believe that it is fate what defined the protagonist's destiny either. Why does he then decide to write four different stories about the same person- a hero with autobiographic characteristics- changing every time one technical detail that leads to a significantly different version, only to tell us that, poor or rich, with happy and fulfilled childhood or not, physically injured or not, our hero will end up with the same needs and passions that will determine his (short or long) path in life.The answer is simple: the author doesn't actually focus on the hero's life path, but on the hero himself. What he experiences makes no difference in what he finally becomes, in who he actually is. Basic characteristics like his commitment to true love, his literary talent, his deep look into things are not really affected by the status of his family, his aunt's divorce, his affluence or his friends. Not due to, but, on the contrary sometimes, despite all these he preserves the main characteristics that make him who he is.Ferguson, our hero, is a (typical ? and again here the author plays with DNA going hand-in-hand with stereotypes) American boy of Jewish origin, growing in New York of the 50s. As he grows, he faces several personal challenges, which differ from version to version, to finally become an author, active in progressive political movements, always in search of personal development and commitment to true love. If you ask me if it is a pessimistic or an optimistic approach, I'd most likely go for the second. One might say that in all four stories you just see the same person making rounds in his own life circle and having to go through things that don't even matter just to end up being the person who would anyway be. So maybe there is no such thing as the beauty of the trip if it actually takes you nowhere?Believe it or not, this is precisely where the positive approach of the concept is, in reality, lying: your power (or at least your uniqueness) is barely hiding in the various chapters of your life. As long as the general frame is kept unchanged (city, class, lack of extreme luck or absolute unluckiness, family love) what defines who you are is simply YOU: your DNA, your inclinations, your passions and your attitude towards relationships, which remains unchanged no matter what your encounters and experiences in life might have been. Another parameter of the book, that could constitute the subject of a huge article on modern American literature is why the author decides to go to that extend -four super long stories, presented in a really smart structure, we must admit - to triumph on the power of personality, mixing details that, as it turns out, are unimportant for the final result. And we are not talking about the surprisingly accurate historical ones, which describe the 50s and 60s US, but all this information, where small episodes of the hero's life are exposed in such an exhaustive extent. It seems to be something more than mere modernism, where the description of the external world appears to be the best way to describe the internal one. It is mostly a way to include the author's personality into the hero's thoughts and behavior. Let's take for example "new digs, the dream of a new love, the long summer of work on his translations...by mid-September he was feeling disillusioned and bittered about most things...and what, pray tell, was the definition of the word gentle" (chapter 7.1), where you don't understand who is the one experiencing the feeling of loss and confusion, the hero or the author?And sometimes he even goes beyond mere descriptions• he makes deep dives into the hero's soul as if his only aim is to leave nothing unsaid ("Empty. That was the word for it, he said to himself as he sat down on the sofa and took his first sip of wine, the same empty space Vivian had talked about when describing how she had felt after finishing her own book. Not empty in the sense of standing alone in a room without furniture -but empty in the sense of feeling hollowed out" (chapter 6.3). In any case, it is a pleasant, expectedly overanalytical and outspokenly psychographic novel, which puts an end to an old dispute concerning the extent of influence of the social background on one's destiny.Mesmerizing in every possible sense...You have a 900-pages book at hand, which revolves around one of the most popular themes of modern cinema and literature -the "what if" pattern-, written by one of the most recognizable contemporary American authors. What is definitely certain is that for the next few hours - most probably days- you are going to dive into a sea of in-depth narrations, character descriptions, historical details, sociological references and profound analyses of human relations, all of which will be presented under the same common denominator: how a slight deviation changes every time the rules of the game.What you cannot predict about this book, though, is that no matter how many pages you read about smaller or bigger random deviations or how many versions of the same personal story you see, you end the book with the feeling that it is not deviations that define the end. After all, the end, different as it might seem in each of the four stories, is not even important eo ipso. It's just the end of a mathematical sequence, which doesn't tell us that much about the kind of person that our protagonist has turned into. And at that point you realize that it is not randomness which plays the pivotal role in the stories.After such a conclusion, one might expect that the author wishes to shed light on another critical factor: fate. Is everything so pre-determined that no matter what turns life can get, everything ends up the way it is meant to?And here comes the biggest surprise. Because the author makes it clear he doesn't believe that it is fate what defined the protagonist's destiny either. Why does he then decide to write four different stories about the same person- a hero with autobiographic characteristics- changing every time one technical detail that leads to a significantly different version, only to tell us that, poor or rich, with happy and fulfilled childhood or not, physically injured or not, our hero will end up with the same needs and passions that will determine his (short or long) path in life.The answer is simple: the author doesn't actually focus on the hero's life path, but on the hero himself. What he experiences makes no difference in what he finally becomes, in who he actually is. Basic characteristics like his commitment to true love, his literary talent, his deep look into things are not really affected by the status of his family, his aunt's divorce, his affluence or his friends. Not due to, but, on the contrary sometimes, despite all these he preserves the main characteristics that make him who he is.Ferguson, our hero, is a (typical ? and again here the author plays with DNA going hand-in-hand with stereotypes) American boy of Jewish origin, growing in New York of the 50s. As he grows, he faces several personal challenges, which differ from version to version, to finally become an author, active in progressive political movements, always in search of personal development and commitment to true love. If you ask me if it is a pessimistic or an optimistic approach, I'd most likely go for the second. One might say that in all four stories you just see the same person making rounds in his own life circle and having to go through things that don't even matter just to end up being the person who would anyway be. So maybe there is no such thing as the beauty of the trip if it actually takes you nowhere?Believe it or not, this is precisely where the positive approach of the concept is, in reality, lying: your power (or at least your uniqueness) is barely hiding in the various chapters of your life. As long as the general frame is kept unchanged (city, class, lack of extreme luck or absolute unluckiness, family love) what defines who you are is simply YOU: your DNA, your inclinations, your passions and your attitude towards relationships, which remains unchanged no matter what your encounters and experiences in life might have been. Another parameter of the book, that could constitute the subject of a huge article on modern American literature is why the author decides to go to that extend -four super long stories, presented in a really smart structure, we must admit - to triumph on the power of personality, mixing details that, as it turns out, are unimportant for the final result. And we are not talking about the surprisingly accurate historical ones, which describe the 50s and 60s US, but all this information, where small episodes of the hero's life are exposed in such an exhaustive extent. It seems to be something more than mere modernism, where the description of the external world appears to be the best way to describe the internal one. It is mostly a way to include the author's personality into the hero's thoughts and behavior. Let's take for example "new digs, the dream of a new love, the long summer of work on his translations...by mid-September he was feeling disillusioned and bittered about most things...and what, pray tell, was the definition of the word gentle" (chapter 7.1), where you don't understand who is the one experiencing the feeling of loss and confusion, the hero or the author?And sometimes he even goes beyond mere descriptions• he makes deep dives into the hero's soul as if his only aim is to leave nothing unsaid ("Empty. That was the word for it, he said to himself as he sat down on the sofa and took his first sip of wine, the same empty space Vivian had talked about when describing how she had felt after finishing her own book. Not empty in the sense of standing alone in a room without furniture -but empty in the sense of feeling hollowed out" (chapter 6.3). In any case, it is a pleasant, expectedly overanalytical and outspokenly psychographic novel, which puts an end to an old dispute concerning the extent of influence of the social background on one's destiny.Mesmerizing in every possible sense...You have a 900-pages book at hand, which revolves around one of the most popular themes of modern cinema and literature -the "what if" pattern-, written by one of the most recognizable contemporary American authors. What is definitely certain is that for the next few hours - most probably days- you are going to dive into a sea of in-depth narrations, character descriptions, historical details, sociological references and profound analyses of human relations, all of which will be presented under the same common denominator: how a slight deviation changes every time the rules of the game.What you cannot predict about this book, though, is that no matter how many pages you read about smaller or bigger random deviations or how many versions of the same personal story you see, you end the book with the feeling that it is not deviations that define the end. After all, the end, different as it might seem in each of the four stories, is not even important eo ipso. It's just the end of a mathematical sequence, which doesn't tell us that much about the kind of person that our protagonist has turned into. And at that point you realize that it is not randomness which plays the pivotal role in the stories.After such a conclusion, one might expect that the author wishes to shed light on another critical factor: fate. Is everything so pre-determined that no matter what turns life can get, everything ends up the way it is meant to?And here comes the biggest surprise. Because the author makes it clear he doesn't believe that it is fate what defined the protagonist's destiny either. Why does he then decide to write four different stories about the same person- a hero with autobiographic characteristics- changing every time one technical detail that leads to a significantly different version, only to tell us that, poor or rich, with happy and fulfilled childhood or not, physically injured or not, our hero will end up with the same needs and passions that will determine his (short or long) path in life.The answer is simple: the author doesn't actually focus on the hero's life path, but on the hero himself. What he experiences makes no difference in what he finally becomes, in who he actually is. Basic characteristics like his commitment to true love, his literary talent, his deep look into things are not really affected by the status of his family, his aunt's divorce, his affluence or his friends. Not due to, but, on the contrary sometimes, despite all these he preserves the main characteristics that make him who he is.Ferguson, our hero, is a (typical ? and again here the author plays with DNA going hand-in-hand with stereotypes) American boy of Jewish origin, growing in New York of the 50s. As he grows, he faces several personal challenges, which differ from version to version, to finally become an author, active in progressive political movements, always in search of personal development and commitment to true love. If you ask me if it is a pessimistic or an optimistic approach, I'd most likely go for the second. One might say that in all four stories you just see the same person making rounds in his own life circle and having to go through things that don't even matter just to end up being the person who would anyway be. So maybe there is no such thing as the beauty of the trip if it actually takes you nowhere?Believe it or not, this is precisely where the positive approach of the concept is, in reality, lying: your power (or at least your uniqueness) is barely hiding in the various chapters of your life. As long as the general frame is kept unchanged (city, class, lack of extreme luck or absolute unluckiness, family love) what defines who you are is simply YOU: your DNA, your inclinations, your passions and your attitude towards relationships, which remains unchanged no matter what your encounters and experiences in life might have been. Another parameter of the book, that could constitute the subject of a huge article on modern American literature is why the author decides to go to that extend -four super long stories, presented in a really smart structure, we must admit - to triumph on the power of personality, mixing details that, as it turns out, are unimportant for the final result. And we are not talking about the surprisingly accurate historical ones, which describe the 50s and 60s US, but all this information, where small episodes of the hero's life are exposed in such an exhaustive extent. It seems to be something more than mere modernism, where the description of the external world appears to be the best way to describe the internal one. It is mostly a way to include the author's personality into the hero's thoughts and behavior. Let's take for example "new digs, the dream of a new love, the long summer of work on his translations...by mid-September he was feeling disillusioned and bittered about most things...and what, pray tell, was the definition of the word gentle" (chapter 7.1), where you don't understand who is the one experiencing the feeling of loss and confusion, the hero or the author?And sometimes he even goes beyond mere descriptions• he makes deep dives into the hero's soul as if his only aim is to leave nothing unsaid ("Empty. That was the word for it, he said to himself as he sat down on the sofa and took his first sip of wine, the same empty space Vivian had talked about when describing how she had felt after finishing her own book. Not empty in the sense of standing alone in a room without furniture -but empty in the sense of feeling hollowed out" (chapter 6.3). In any case, it is a pleasant, expectedly overanalytical and outspokenly psychographic novel, which puts an end to an old dispute concerning the extent of influence of the social background on one's destiny.Mesmerizing in every possible sense...
http://bookavities.blogspot.com/2017/...The man is definitely charismatic...! Balancing between historic drama and crime fiction, this novel is breathtaking, touching and absolutely fascinating...Three (or maybe five?) stories around a precious Rembrandt painting and the journey begins:From the port of Hamburg, where hundreds of Jewish refugees, including the protagonist's family, seeking asylum in Cuba, in a condemned attempt to escape the Nazi regime in 1939, get trapped in the port of Havana due to a governmental corruption incident......to 1700s Amsterdam, where a stigmatized Jewish artist becomes the owner of the masterpiece...Then back to 1600 Krakow pogrom against Jewish people that etched the family's fate for ever......To finally return to 2008, when the last descendant of the Jewish family finally decides to unveil the mystery of the lost painting, that interwinds in a way with the strange story of an Emo girl that disappeared in contemporary Havana. Stories within stories, all moving around a painting, a family and a decent detective in his maturity years.Many will see the novel as the author's attempt to explain what home, possession, heritage or feeling of safety really mean -within or outside a historical context. Others will try to find in its lines the definition of deviation from what your past or social circumstances demand, only to satisfy the need to stand up, to be different, to do what you think you are destined to do.For me, the book is predominantly about what the quintessence of choice really is: nothing less than responsibility to pursue a certain path against another• nothing more than just taking the side you belong.If you exclude some minor plot weaknesses (too much info in the Amsterdam story and I'm not sure I realized why Daniel is a heretic), the character analysis, the connection between different historic periods and the eternal question what constitutes freedom which lies at the very heart of all the stories, make this absolutely interesting book an excellent choice for book lovers ❤️ 📚
“Blessed is he who leaves”.If you think you have seen and experienced everything as a traveller, wanderer, flâneur, after reading this book you will change for ever your idea of travelling experience and will realize that mobility is a lot more than commuting, mere escaping or trendy wanderlust.Astutely observant word artist Olga Tokarczuk presents a magnificent mosaic of short stories where psychology encounters social anthropology at airports, train stations and hotel lobbies, anatomy comes across philosophy under Cioran’s sharp look and criminology meets geography in a Moby Dick ambience. Constant movement, gradually transforming into fluidity as a way of life is the main idea of Flights (original title in Polish is Bieguni, or the Wanderers, referring to an imaginary sect of people never staying in the same place for long). Mobility is both external and internal: it has to do with moving (on, over, by, around, forward) but at the same time reaching another level of knowledge, sensation, intellect. It has to do with embracing the New, the Different, the Deviating. The author’s alter ego, the narrator admits being attracted to “all things spoiled, flawed, defective, broken,” to “anything that deviates from the norm, that is too small or too big”. In movement, you encounter things you hadn’t met or noticed before: the human body becomes a vehicle taking you back to history, through Chopin’s heart, St. Anne’s breast, the Achilles’ tendon, the body of a dead poor diplomat mummified and kept by the Austrian emperor. Wikipedia becomes the wonder of the world, but with limited capabilities, as it contains only what can be written in words. Literature becomes the breach in time and space and People become your passport to unidentified depths of human nature. Moving is meaningful only when you are ready to really move, lose your previous comfort, go (physically and/or intellectually) to a place you’ve never been before and still don’t care to come back. So, the book’s greatest value is that, in these unconnected stories, you cannot help but wondering how much you (haven’t) lived, observed, thought and felt, finding yourself deeply comforted in what you have pre-defined as area of interest and allurement to you, which doesn’t let your spirit go any further. After Flights, you will never see travelling the same way again. And if you are lucky, not even your life. “Move on! Get going! Blessed is he who leaves.”Again and again. http://bookavities.blogspot.com/2020/...
Héctor Abad Faciolince’s Memoir is the portrait of the ideal Father, the recreation of a happy childhood and the representation of a brutal political assassination. Hector Abad Senior was a Medicine Professor and human rights activist in an epoch when, talking about access to healthcare for all children in Colombia, was considered dangerously “communistic”. His courage, empathy, social consciousness and consistence made him a role model in the eyes of his son. At the same time, his child-focused pedagogical approach aimed at making his children better, through making them happier. Happy memories in a most difficult period in the history of a country full of potential, that seems to go wasted. Apart from its obvious virtues, the novel, dealing with so many social, existential, psychological and political issues, has the extra advantage of being able to talk differently to each one of its readers. I will refer to three points that touched or bothered me (which sometimes is the same) deeply while reading it:I will never forget the scene at the morgue, where the author’s father took his son, just to show him the dark side of life, reminding him that there is always an end to happiness and endlessness. The experiment ended up in endless vomiting for the son and feelings of guilt for the father. And I can’t help but wondering what is it that makes people want to put their children through this theoretical encounter with tough luck. Is it their guilt for being effortlessly happy and making them happy too? Is it the fear that their children will never be prepared enough (which is true) for it? or is it a way to exorcise the evil you can’t control?There is a story in one of the chapters , where the author refers to his sister’s almost drowning. He says that he felt as if he were frozen and could no more react. His father intervened rescuing the girl and strongly rebuked him for his passivity. Well, yes, Passivity is precisely my point. I’m really impressed at the passivity, neglectfulness, procrastination, (you name it) people -myself included - react when it’s not their life which is at steak. It is a quite interesting psychological phenomenon, how inertia can be so powerful in social situations.I will cite the last point verbatim: “A father as perfect as he was can become unbearable...there comes a moment, through a confused and schizophrenic process, when you’d wish that ideal god wouldn’t be there to always tell you yes, everything is fine, everything is as you want it to be. It’s as if, toward the end of adolescence, it’s not an ally you need, but a competitor”. No comments, dear parentshttp://bookavities.blogspot.com/2020/...
** spoiler alert ** http://bookavities.blogspot.com/2019/... When I read the first 50 pages I thought "come on...one more book about living by the rules vs. living out of the box" or the eternal fight between normality and the (in)discreet charm of non-compliance with the rules. In an inceptional flash of irony, it seemed to me that knowing a priori the winner in that fight is kind of "inside the box" and cliché writing. Luckily, I was wrong. Celeste NG's novel is more than a hymn to unconventional choices- actually it is not even that! Because, although the author clearly takes sides from the very beginning, it seems very important to her to describe the feeling of lack of stability as it is experienced by a teenager, destined to move from town to town every now and then, having no stable figures around her, other than her mother. Young Pearl gets razzled dazzled by the neatness and stability in the Richardsons' established home and for the first time in her life she feels like belonging somewhere. A strong alarm for her mother, Mia, whose (sort of) bohemian lifestyle choices are put into the most serious doubt of all: that of her child's. So, clearly, no one puts the blame on stability here, rather than what it is actually hidden behind it. Which may be different for each one of the Richardson family members (for Elena it is the need to justify her choice of running away from liberty and a "big love", for her three elder children their need to keep an enviable status quo and an air of easiness that only people who don't have to worry about much, possess), but it has the same roots: the need to continue being in control not only of your life but also of the life of other people in your life. And this is the hypocrisy Celeste NG is trying to bring into surface.Around this very pillar, three parallel stories are slowly and meticulously drawn, unveiling the fears and weaknesses of the heros, making them burst like a balloon full of lies in front of their face.At first, we have Mia's story, a photographer who, in need of money, in order to pursue her artistic dream, agrees to carry the child of an infertile affluent couple. She can't bear that commitment, though, and afraid to leave her child, decides to run away with it. And ever since, she keeps running.We have the affluent Richardson family, the center of interest of which moves from Elena, the omnipresent mother, to her daughter Izzy, the "black sheep" of the family, incriminated also for the little arsons that end up destroying the family house. And last, we have the story of a poor Chinese mother, who, in an act of despair, abandons her baby, that is later adopted by a rich family, and full of regrets now is trying to take it back. And she succeeds in doing so in the most drastic way possible. Many dilemmas about motherhood, secrets, mistakes, regrets and choices that affect other people's lives in all three stories: can a mother condemn her own child to constant instability only to hide a secret, which at the same time accounts for half of the identity of the child?Does anyone have the right to reveal other people's secrets just for the sake of forcing them to face their own truth?Is the regretful birth mother entitled to come back to claim her rights on the child, after bond that has been developed between the child and the foster family?Most of them are easily answered by the final choices of the protagonists: Mia reveals the truth to her daughter• Elena loses her own one, who, in an act of bringing back justice (the way she perceives it at least) leaves home, condemning her mother to experience her greatest fear• the rich couple, though mourning the loss of Mirabella, adopts another child from China. The interesting thing about these dilemmas is that they are almost never related to love as the X factor. Because love is almost always there, at every choice. Mia loves her child. So does Elena. So does Bebe Chow, the Chinese mother. And so does the foster family. And this might be their reason why taking sides isn't so easy after all. Yet, the truth is that it isn't about love, but about selfishness. Mia or Elena are not protecting their children, but themselves. And Bebe's judicial fight to take her daughter back does not bring turbulence in the baby's life, but in the foster couple's. The difference between all those four mothers lies in the fact that some of them realized that their decisions were stemming from their self protective instincts and some have not. So the book is finally more about fires against hypocrisy than against serenity.Although the author uses a touch of bias when it comes to describing Mia's mindset and her sense of liberty, we can't attribute to her lack of realistic character portraying. The dialogues are very symmetrical, the descriptions of the atmosphere in the perfectly settled town of Shaker Heights are suggestive, the character building particularly of all five teenagers is at least compelling. In a narration where symbolism prevails (the photos that Mia leaves for each one of the Richardsons, the little fires in the beds, the identity that Izzy decides to take), we very much enjoy simple quotes of common sense like "Sometimes you need to scorch everything to the ground, and start over. After the burning the soil is richer, and new things can grow. People are like that, too. They start over. They find a way". Or " Most of the time, everyone deserves more than one chance. We all do things we regret now and then. You just have to carry them with you."We highly recommend the book. Because it belongs to the rare category of simple, yet astonishingly profound readings, which bring you face to face with your own misconception of serenity. And even worse: of love.PS. Extra bonus for the most to-the-point description of parenthood's most extreme fears "To a parent, your child wasn't just a person: your child was a place, a kind of Narnia, a vast eternal place where the present you were living and the past you remembered and the future you longed for all at the same time. You could see it every time you looked at her: layered in her face was the baby she'd been and the child she'd become and the adult she would grow up to be, and you saw them all simultaneously, like a 3-D image. It made your head spin. It was a place you could take refuge, if you knew how to get in. And each time you left it, each time your child passed out of your sight, you feared you might never be able to return to that place again". - [ ]
Artists from different times, places and dimensions, where Japan meets Persia, historic meets fantastic, good meets evil and orthodox meets paradoxal, are parading in a Fibonacci sequence, revealing what makes the world 🌍worth living in.Hard hard readings, where you have to dig deep to find beauty, although you can feel it lying in front of your eyesIf you manage to read it through 🧐, you will realize that it is one of the rarest occasions where the choice of narration style is as symbolic as the main idea of the novel itself... Seiobo There Below, by Laszlo Kransznahorkai
It is one of the most difficult, yet surprisingly extraordinary books I have ever read and one of the few I really thought of giving up. The lack of punctuation (full stops, to be precise) the exponential narration, the speedy, unstoppable inner rythme, the constant game between reality and imagination certainly does not guarantee an easy reading.But I kept on because it is the kind of book that you could characterize as promising even from the first pages: it has all the ingredients of an intriguing story (an archivist at the Public Records Office in Budapest discovers an important old manuscript that could change the way people perceive history, life and the quintessence of the human existence), the atmospheric mixture of past and present, a big journey in the horizon and the slow yet revealing discovery of the truth of the manuscript.But what makes the novel really out of the ordinary is the finding of a special kind of inclusion: there is a story within the story (the four knights in the story of Korim), narration within narration, adventure within adventure, war (of survival) within war (to escape the confinements of Time, Space and human nature). And there is a breathtaking, almost poetic end to the suffocating struggle against Ugliness and time entrapment: insinuating that the only meaning between war and war can be found in Nobility, Art, Sensitivity, Poetry, our hero manages to fly beyond present and give human agony for time continuum an existential relief..Gracious, special, magnificent!http://bookavities.blogspot.com/2017/...
http://bookavities.blogspot.com/2017/...A masterpiece is usually considered a creation at the peak of an author's maturity, usually more complex, more profound and more sophisticated linguistically and narratively. In the case of Purity by Jonathan Franzen the surprising thing is that everything is much simpler -in structure, in language, in themes he chooses to present - compared to his previous equally important novels and yet it can be considered a masterpiece. But this simplicity, which certainly makes the novel easier to read, enables also a deeper dive into most american authors' favorite -even since Α. Miller and J. Doctorow- subject: Family. Franzen most successfully tries to scratch the surface of loving, tender and affectionate relationships, achieving a dissection (if not necropsy) of the american family in whole, making it clear that love cannot be pure if it is medium for covering deep psychological needs, nourishing obsessions and participating in power games.Other than the family and battle of sexes issues, the book also deals with questions like life after internet, the power of information, idealism v. practicalities, identity and uniqueness as personality's sine qua non, progress and the use of money in the capitalistic arena or in the margins of it. And all that with an excellent distance -or proximity- to the heros' lives, personalities and feelings.Balanced, fresh, well structured: that is: highly recommended. The only thing I would see as negative is a light suspicion of sarcasm towards 80's feminism but even that is made through the spectrum of what damage self reference can do to big ideas.
There is a category of books which I call “thoroughly comprehensive”. It’s a hyperbole, but it’s the only way to describe books that, within their -not often few- pages, talk about everything mankind has ever been concerned and strained about and eternally keeps dealing with: love, death, faith, identity, politics, society, existence, coexistence. The most typical example of this quasi-arbitrary category of masterpieces is Dostoyevsky’s Karamazov Brothers, whilst more recent Confiteor or In the Light of What We Know can be included in the long list of similar works. After such an introduction, it’s self evident what kind of review is going to follow about Fernando Aramburu’s Patria. Based on a single incident (the assassination of Txato, owner of a trucking company in a small Basque town by ETA covered by the suspicion that he might have been shot down by Joxe Mari, his friend’s eldest son), the author builds an entire grid of relations, ideas, psychological interconnections and ideological shelters, trying to shed light on how History can spit its poison on small, more or less important, human stories and -most significantly - the other way round. In the 640 pages of this book, we become witnesses of the life paths of two families torn apart by ideological hatred and their different reactions to the fatal event. Harsh questions about what is considered family disloyalty, what extensions psychological interdependence may have, how you build or ruin your life, influenced by seemingly irrelevant traumas, and how far one’s love can go when people share nothing common any more, are answered by many different voices in many different ways, whilst the volcano of the eternal fight between ideology and reality, is about to burn every lie on which life choices have been built.Religion also plays a pivotal role in the life, not only of Miren, the ETA member’s mother, as well as in the life of the entire village. It is a source of inspiration, consolation, but also the epicenter of social life and the regulator of the political balance of a whole community. Under the strongly matriarchal ambience of the novel, there lie adamantly conservative ideas as to the notions of duty, sense of belonging, existence and even love. Ideas that the younger generation of the protagonists is called to surpass. And they actually do, sooner or later, at their own pace, in their own way, sometimes reaching up to certain expectations, others extraordinarily surpassing them. The writer also touches class issues, connecting them both with social, political and even existential dimensions (misfortune as to marriage issues for instance can be tolerated a bit easier if you are not under financial strain too). What he does best though, is to bring into light all character qualities that, despite negative externalities, can lead to balanced relationships with oneself and each other.Patria is a magnificent novel, both stylistically - Aramburu is a virtuoso of well balanced dialogues, expressive means and switching of narrative styles within the very same sentence, changing points of view, feelings, even breaths in no time- as well as and in terms of content. I bet there is no reader who will devour this book, without her/his mind wandering around at least ten different things about their own life, without being deeply touched by at least half of them. And this is precisely my idea of a thoroughly comprehensive novel. http://bookavities.blogspot.com/2020/...
Novels are usually narratives about one central event or α sequence of events, around which a story is built. The persons involved in the story experience how this event affects their lives. Well...not in Reservoir 13. We still have an event here, the disappearance of a teenage girl in the archetypical village of Peak District and normally we should have the chance to see how this affected the lives of her parents, friends, relatives and co-citizens, but extraordinary Mr. Mc Gregor seems to be interested how... it DIDN’T affect them. In 13 chapters, each one corresponding to each of the 13 years that passed after the disappearance of the 13-year old girl, each one bringing us closer to each one of the 13 reservoirs, we see, often in repeated motives (New Year’s Night, Auld Lang Syne, the twins growing, the bats on the streets, the foxes in the forest, the sheep in the farms) how people who knew her (“Rebecca or Beckie or Bex”) went on with their lives. Nobody had forgotten her, but nothing seemed to be changing after she got lost: births, funerals, marriages, divorces, little or bigger betrayals, nature blooming, nature subsiding, all kept on -like a circle in a spiral, like a wheel with in a wheel- all combined in the very same picture. A brilliant concept, put in carefully balanced descriptions in a story with tens of protagonists, with whom you tend to identify but fail to combine names with stories (and it doesn’t seem to matter anyway).Despite the seemingly slow, but in fact real time rythmes of the narration, you never lose interest: on the contrary, you are curious about how things will end up. Only to realise, after a certain point, that its not about the disappearance anymore. It’s about what has been left behind from the existence of that girl. And you suddenly get anxious that we may be nothing more than a shadow in some people’s dreams. Or not.(For more:http://bookavities.blogspot.com/2020/... )
Exellent book, I loved it. History and novel work together brilliantly.
It felt like I was reading a travel guide most of the time. Don't get me wrong! I am a fan of vivid descriptions but with this book I found myself wanting to fast forward it from time to time. Thank god fot the plot twists. I must say that I really am a fan of Robert Langon!!
Call of summoning is about a woman Rebecca, who is under a spell. A spell, which once complete, will allow a demon to be in control of her entire existence. And of course we have the main hero, Holden, a man who can see spirits and can use their powers to help beat the demon, or maybe he can’t. As much as I’d like to tell a bit more, I think it will be best If you choose to read it yourself and find out!The book starts, I think, rather abruptly. It puts us a few minutes before the two main heroes meet. As I continued to read I felt at a loss with all the new characters and background information mentioned. But as the story unfolds, it all starts to fall into place. And it is there, as I kept on reading, that I felt gripped by the plot. The main male character, Holden, is not the classic hero who comes to save the day. He is a rather anti-social man, with gentleness and an upsetting past. The main female character, Rebecca, is your typical businesswoman who, of course doesn’t need a man to save her (even if she doesn’t understand any part of her situation). However, both of them change and in a way become more mature as they spend more and more time together. They come face to face with real feelings, about their past and about this connection that has begun to form between them.The romance, which is expected to happen between the characters, is indeed truly sweet and the story itself has many funny parts. On the other hand, the story that involves the demon spell and the effort to beat it, is pretty unexpected. As I continued to read, I felt like sitting at the edge of my seat, and I couldn’t put the book down, literally! Being a fan of the paranormal, I must admit that I expected to read things that I had read or seen before, but I couldn’t be more wrong. Every part of the story was very original and the descriptions of the scenes where so detailed that I felt like I was right there watching it. Finally, the ending has such an amazing twist. I loved it. In general, I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in the paranormal, combined with funny lines from the characters and with a splash of romance. ***I was given a free review copy from the writer, in exchange of an honest review. The opinion stated in this review solely mine and no compensation was given or taken to alter it.***
Let me start by saying: “I can’t wait for the next book to come out!” The Dreamwalker is a very intriguing book, not only for fans of the paranormal (such as myself) but also for people of all ages who are interested in a good adventure story. Although the characters are a strange mix of humans, ghosts, witches and werewolves, the story doesn’t follow the usual approach that we are all familiar with when it comes to stereotypes. The characters are beautifully portrayed and the dialogues have excellent punch lines. Once you start reading the book (I mean right from the first pages literally!) you will not be able to put it down.
Very interesting up untill the end. Many twists in the story that left me with my mouth open.
It was quite relaxing and enjoyable.
rather boring at first, but then as it continues to unfold the story, I couldn't put it down!
I received this book free in exchange for a fair and honest review.BitersThe plot is rather slow at first. I mean, while reading the first two chapters I kept wondering : “Ok, what is going on where are the zombies already? “(not that I am a great fan of them) But as the story continued and I began to get to know the main character, Buck, I realized that behind this cruel and somewhat rough exterior is a tender man wanting to love and be loved. Fortunately, the zombies, apart from the gruesome descriptions about human parts flying everywhere in certain scenes (thank goodness there weren’t that many ) are only a means of moving the story forward. The plot is somewhat predictable, although I must admit that there were times that I would like for it to have a different outcome (and others I didn’t since human nature is what it is), I was really pleased with the ending. The best “character” for me is Buck’s companion, a true friend who shows how kindness can change your life(and I won’t reveal why the word character is in quotation marks ). All I can say is that after finishing the book you will be asking for more.The RebornTruly captivating right from the start. The future described is not so far away as we would like to think. A true American hero, Marcus, former military and now police officer, always tries to do what believes is the right thing. But the problem is who he should believe and which side he should choose. And there the reader is standing in front of the same dilemma “Who is really right?” The plot is thickening right from the start, and as each side reveals its own agenda you really can’t say for sure who is the “good guy” and who is the “bad guy”(and don’t think you will be sure, not even at the end). The people in desperate need of peace, but at what cost? At a cost which brought on a new kind of Dictator. A story that at the very end left me with my mouth hanging open, because I REALLY DIDN’T SEE THAT COMING. As history tends to repeat itself, the story of Marcus and The Reborn will leave you with a funny taste of what the world may become. A book that you won’t be able to put down, once you start reading .
The story is quite interesting right from the start. The only problem (for me at least) was that the characters’ appearance, all dressed up in leather, reminded me of some old series about Ancient Greek heroes and Gods(see Xena warrior princess). Apart from that, the story continues with a twist and ends even better. My favourite character I must say was Phobos, who shows both the cruel and the romantic side of a dreamy man. In general, it was a pleasant book to read, with both romance, revenge, and a humorous touch at times.
I received this book free in exchange for a fair and honest review.A strange tale about a long-waited god who could save them, and a mermaid trapped in the human world, who can’t show her true self. And of course a meeting of the two, that will change their lives forever.That is in a few words the story of this book, which I found really interesting. Right from the start the author puts you in the right mood. It is set in France, at a time when people were suffering… and life was even worse in the small village where Mariel was living, because she had not only to care for herself, but for her pregnant sister too. Mariel’s hopes start to rise when she sees a tall blond stranger, Trystan, who according to a prophecy will save her village. But of course things are never so simple or easy…She follows him to a strange, new place and there after many mishaps and arguments, the two heroes come closer together and the romance begins.The book in general offers very lively descriptions of both the places and the people that are mentioned. One of my favourite parts of the book was the description of how the main characters’ eyes change colour depending n their mood (truly loved it). And then there were the teasing dialogues between Mariel and Trystan. It was sometimes initiated by him and continued by her and vise versa. It was really refreshing to read and very enjoyable as it releases the tention you tend to feel when reading very intense chapters. One of such a scene is when Mariel sees an exotic fruit and after a brief description Trystan ends up telling her that some call it a Banana.(I really laughed out loud reading that part!!) As for the romance, although it is anticipated right from the start, it evolves slowly into something deeper for both of them. They both learn that they must change their attitude and their beliefs and even go against what is expected of them to do, if they wnt to be together.The ending (even though it is not actually the end, since there’s a second book that continues the main storyline) is something I hoped would be happy but I didn’t actually expect it to turn out quite that way. In general, I must say I found it pleasant to read and it has some ]very interesting twists that will keep you guessing right till the very end.
very good. Want to travel to Colorado...
extremely good and entertaining. Greene at his best!
typical Billingham! I liked it!
very good as always.
good. enjoyed it. bit of ordinary plot and characters but good overall.
good thriller, very dark, became fun of the series.
good started to like the series
action packed
very good as usual!
a very good book from Le Carre. Smiley's class..Thank You David for Spy poetry!
very good, recommended
part of course
if you love the sea as much as i do, you will like this book!
as good as it gets for Reacher books
despite that the book was written 80 years before it is quite good.
historically is giving some info but the writing is not very good due to the fact that it was written almost 900 years before...
not my cup of tea...
very good , depressing though.
good book but mainly for the American market, would like to see one for global market
classic bleak Rebus! Very Good!
good plot, but a bit boring
A classic! Very Orwellian!
quite good as always
not as good as the previous ones with Ripley. But worth reading it.
not so good as the others i have read. Slow read.
very good and informative
one of his best!
good, but long, typical Simenon writing but not so interesting.
very good!a bit disappointed on the ending!
very good some stories exceptional!
very good, sad and creepy but good.
not recommended.
Good Old Rendell!
exceptionally good as always.
very good. making to think...
very good even though i preferred the years of the cholera.
very good as usual
very good as usual
quite good if you want to become a shepherd at LD
preferred the tv series
good thriller
good as always by Verne
very good as always
typical McNab. Liked it!
interesting, a bit over fetched though but good fun
not one of his best...
good, informative.
good. a summary of his successes.
very good worth the fuss
very good as usual.
good and informative.
boring
as usual very good
not one of her best, but Venice's atmosphere is well described.
old but good
very good book. Disturbing about our future.
good but could have 50 pages less especially the last part was long and repetitive.
TYPICAL LEE CHILD... GOOD!
very good, makes you thinking a lot.
classic Verne
very good, as usual.
informative
very good but also as usual sad....
first one I read by Lee Child! Thrilled by it!
excellent as always. very sad though...
excellent my kind of book!
a fantastic book. Who is in love with the sea must read it.
very good but very sad !
very good as the previous one
best spy series. recommended.
excellent like the previous one!
not one of the best!
very good. need to read it again though.
first timer. liked it. was fun
good. Getting fond of the series.
very good but very sad as well
very good, as usual.
not so good like other books of Bagley but it was a pleasant read.
very very good. Analytical. Beevor at his Best!
great book, but hard to follow it up! need to read it 2-3 times again....
typical Reacher! loved it!
good but not one of his best.
as usual very good.
readable, entertained.
very good. very informative, i wish we had been more prepared....
it was good but i have already read two more books with this theme. Dominion is much better and SSGB as well.
very good as usual! Superb atmospere.
not as good as the previous ones...
informative but get the latest edition.
re-read it after 30 years. Still good!
very good even though you cannot have a real insight of the work that was done there.
not the Best Of Christie's but entertaining!
well worth the advertisement. but you have to use it,,,
very good as usual,,,,
extremely good
good a bit long though
very good - poetic
Very good reporting
worst than the previous one
Good Old Dick Francis.
could be better.
Nesbo vs Shakespeare? I pass. Harry Hole for me!
very good. recommended.
very good as usual.
good but not one of its best.
not thrilled
not his best
very good, recommended to sailors!
as good as usual. Those characters....
i was not expecting to be so good!
very good. first time read one of hers and i liked it.
not like Rebus, but good and entertaining enough.
depressing but good.
very good with adequate suggestions.need some update as well on some issues though.
a bad one. to avoid.... Childish....
excellent! a bit philosophical but very poetic!
very good. his first book.
very good! Nice atmosphere.
as good as Simenon!
Excellent! I highly recommend it! Especially to history buffs!! Just if...
well written but somehow one side politically...
excellent book. A must read.
not thrilled.
very good as always.
Simenon The Great!
very good and with clarity.
unique, difficult to go through but good.
just great, as always..
Very good. Read like fiction. Recommended.
his first book! as good as the rest! recommended.
a good analysis. A must read!
best spy books.... the whole series.
excellent. A piece of history not well recognized.
good for the time it was written a bit outdated.
not thrilled. predictable.
very good. read like fiction.
good but short
good, sad, typical Simenon!
well written, but, not great!
informative
Good record
very good, there were times that made me angry but overall it was good.
very good, inspiring. recommended.
extremely good written. Pure literature.
very good as usual.
consider it a good companion if you ever find yourself at Dublin!
very good as usual....
good for beginners that can learn how to start.
not so good like the Sampson series but readable , entertaining and funny.
very good book that analyzes accurately the European Union situation.
enjoyed the book very much, good analysis, but, i do not agree 100% with all author's views.
very good. the whole plot covered by historical facts, excellent.
very good. recommended.
a very good book. Surprisingly good.
very good. Recommended. The end was predictable though...
very good as usual.
i like his fiction books with sailing. full old school adventure...
informative but till 1988
liked the script but it was very sad......
below average
not good, simple as that!
unfortunately we will never know the end..
very good as usual
good very good atmosphere.
like the series!
good! Need to read it again... in 10 years' time!
very good, well written but it should have been with less pages...
great book. depressing though because of the outcome.
very good book but very depressing
very good book, recommended
very well written, like fiction.
very good thriller. recommended.
a geographical and historical view of the end of 1800s!
africa action
very good but a bit sad
Unique, a pleasure to read, Lito's writing full of sentiment, highly recommended.
needed to enter more...
very good. a little bit depressing at the end on how we managed to spoil our planet.
good. fun of the series!
typical Child! loved it!
expected a more concrete description of her work after 20 years not only her first impressions. Book was good and open to the issues. Liked the epilogue.
very good, especially the last one.
very good, very detailed, very informative. Not an easy read though. Like it very much!
very good, informative, easy to read.
very well written! Like fiction.
an excellent book as all of Le Carre's books i have read. Old school...
I like Le Carre's books very much. Not this one. Boring.
not so great....
The first Poirot story I read, is also an exceptional one. The way the goofy looking belgian solves the crime and deducts his conclusions is utterly magnificent. The solution of the crime is pretty much unexpected, even for seniored mystery novel readers. I highly recommend it to fans of murder mysteries.
Nice and spooky comic. The plot is great, the "villain" is well written. Cant wait to read the 2nd volume.
** spoiler alert ** Amazing book about PL history. It starts with the backpass law change in 1992, and the effect it had on the style of play. Very interesting chapters about foreign number 10s. Amazing analysis of Schole, Lampard and Gerrard. Tony Pulis's Stoke has a very nice chapter. Loved the chapter on Big Sam and his similarities (and differences) with Wengers style. My favourite chapter was about the CL final between Chelsea and Man. Utd. Overall fantastic read for football and Premier League fans.
** spoiler alert ** Amazing book, that was waiting far too long in my library. We witness Josef K. get arrested without an obvious cause. And then the Trial begins... kind of. I would have loved to see the end written by Kafka -however brod does a good job to finish it given the circumstances. At first I disliked Josef. His behavior seemed egoistic and I believe he treated women poorly. Then he showed a more human side, being anxious with his trial (he kind of reminded me of raskolnikov from crime and punishment but raskolnikov was definitely guilty). Also... what the hell happened to some people? We never visit some characters again (like miss burstner or the painter). At the end there is a person watching from the window... who is he? What is this mysterious court and what was Josef accused of? I believe Kafka wants to decry bureaucracy too. My Favourite part was his visit at the cathedral and the talk with the priest. I highly recommend this book.
Magnificent read. Zorba is the most interesting character i have ever read. The way he faces lifes challenges and setbacks is unique, making the reader wish he could do the same. On a sidenote some parts may be seen as misogynistic but I disagree. It is just the way Zorba sees life, and he adores women. I would higlhly recommend it to anyone.
** spoiler alert ** Three stories by HP Lovecraft: The call of Cthulu, The music of Erich Zann, Pickmans model. The call of Cthulu: The only one of Lovecrafts tales which i had heard of. I really the atmosphere he sets, you can feel the fear of the narrator. What I dont like is the way Cthulu returns to his tomb in Rlyeh, he is somewhat easily beaten ny a ship (maybe i did not understand what lovecraft has written correctly).The music of Erich Zann: Again one has to give Lovecraft credit for the atmosphere he sets. He literally makes you want to hear Erich Zanns music. It gave me chills.Pickmans model: My favourite of the 3 stories. The way Thurder describes his experience with Pickman is magnificent. The last line makes you terrified. 5/5 stars for this one.
Very intriguing comic. The illustration is top notch and the lead character is interesting. I look forward for the next volume (when i aqcuire it)
Good about greek mythology in general terms. It doesnt go in extreme depths though. I love the glossary at the back. I couldnt follow the part about roman mythology. Especially the part about Aeneas was tough to read, probably due to having direct translation from the Aeniad.
A dark and mysterious story about people's behaviour towards others, people's beliefs towards dyslexia, and the beggining of a true hate ambient within a happy English home! Are you intrigued? I was, indeed! Ruth Rendell is a true artist in conveying simple (or elaborate) truths, in writing.
Simple, yet wonderfull, full of love and passion, it will always remind me of my English studies during my highschool years. Essential reading for young hearts (and readers)!
He has the eyes of a child, as his world is magical, and the heresy of a beat poet, at the same time. I ready it as a teenager and have never forgotten this book, read it again and is still magical. He writes like no other so lively, and transfer you into his world.
I usually prefer his fiction novels but I must say that this collection of short time frame therapy sessions is excellent. Mature and better than his other books of psychotherapy tales talks about loss and death. In these stories I am sure you will find yourself in there.
Books like this make me love reading, it's surely one of my favourites. Historic combined with fiction at an age that the world changes drastically with the history of France and the beginning of commercialism at its start. Innocent youth, communism, music, and characters trying to adjust to the changes that happen in the new world.
When I read this book, that I think is intended for adults, I always add my own words not that Jeffers words are not powerful but only to colour this little treasure. It seems that the author knows about detachment. How a person after loss can detach emotionally due to trauma, something that causes the person to perceive the world as if there is no meaning. The solution lies in connecting with our inner child, our most beautiful and authentic part that will allow as to connect with our adult self and move from depression.A little gem.
I think that this is a nice book for small kids around 3 year olds that tackles the theme of friendship and the importance of belonging and needing a friend.Few words, big lively pictures , perfect for a young boy.
Having read a lot of biopsychology and aware from my profession the ways that memories that are hidden appear like open wounds in our relationships especially with a partner, want to quote that who we are and who we become has to do a lot with who we love.The healing power of the healthy relationships.
Maybe, I had many expectations from this book, maybe the translation was not good but I found it very slow, with no plot and many times I struggled finishing it. The batler was a person that was completely detached from his feelings and his emotional needs. Almost inhumane, empty and peculiar at times he protected himself by putting a cold emotional wall. This is really different from how I am as a person and at times his behaviour frustrated me. Dedicated his life in being the perfect batler costed him to live his life in loneliness. Unmet needs, dreams, wishes and justified by his drive of being a professional battler, hidden behind his employment. But yes, how many people nowadays are afraid to live their lives genuinely and emotionally?
The need to be loved is the theme of this little metaphor and the wrong ways that people come about it.Mostly when we feel alone from companionship and feel that a piece is missing, this piece is our need.Others wait to be noticed, others try to attract attention to themselves, others try to fill the void with others but they too miss pieces......all the wrong ways but at the end the little piece finds the way.
It’s a simple self help book but amongst the vast variety of self help books that are not suited for people with psychological difficulties, the little traps that the writer mentions and thinking around it definitely is of psychotherapeutic value and is based on recent psychotherapy protocols.It’s better for people undergo therapy and can discuss this book with their therapist to read it.
My dear colleague and friend wrote a marvellous introductory book on explaining what Obsessive compulsive disorder is to kids so as to educate and motivate them during their battle with ocd.I feel that this beautiful book succeeds in normalizing for kids their experience, by realizing that they are not alone battling with anxiety and that this is something that happens to other kids. Education and acceptance of ocd and encouragement in working around their doubts can inspire them hope to battle with this anxiety disorder. The kids can relate with Anna and realise that there are ways to fight ocd and this can enlist hope especially when they are discouraged. In my opinion, adults will also benefit from reading without doubt ,not only parents as psychoeducation material, but adult sufferers too, as it can normalize the ocd experience and ignite a compassion for their suffering with the heartfelt language that Liamaki uses. Beautiful illustrations, and a wish for more books like this to be publiced that are so needed in the genre of child mental health.
This is not a book that someone should read without the aid of the therapist as it can be triggering. It is recently controversial amongst the psychological community.Draws on theories that relate to trauma therapy and should be read with caution.
This is the start of mindfulness and living the present moment
This book is a classic!!!!One of the best books that I have ever read!!The story of a family in 100 years.Amazing!
Here is a jewel among...books.The first part of the Lord of the Rings affects the readers the same way as the One Ring affects the characters of the book. When you use It, you disappear from this world and jump into an other. The more you think of It, the more obsessed you become with It. Finaly you will never want to be parted from It. The Fellowship of the Ring is an epic adventure full of different, but greatly developed characters that will introduce the reader to the amazing universe of J.R.R. Tolkien.
I have to admit that I had very -and when I say very I mean very- high expectations about this book, firstly because it's known to be one of the bests in the horror genre and secondly because I really enjoyed "We Have Always Lived In The Castle". Through the book, one can be astonished by the incredible descriptions of Hill House given from Shirley and also the fantastic character analysis. Especially when it comes to Eleanor, the atmosphere which is created around her is totally frightening and as the pages go on the reader can comprehend the paranoia she develops. I read the half of the book without a break, that is how absorbed I was in its plot. But after Dr. Montague's wife showed up with her friend, Arthur, my interest began to fade. And this was why because I felt she didn't really played an important role in the whole story, she was more like a pariah that only showed up to fill the blank pages and extend the book. The last 15-20 pages, though, brought me back to my first thoughts about this book. It absolutely freaked me and magnetized my whole skin. The ending is so lyrical but at the same time kind of expected, and you can't understand if you love it or hate it. Anyway, I wasn't sure in the beginning if I should give it 3 or 4 stars out of 5 but I decided that the first reflects more on the reality: it has some stunning parts, but its flaws are sadly there to remind you that it's not something that special. (It's worth a try, though!)
Life in motion -one of the greatest books I’ve ever read.
So many stories happening together.. I had to go back and forth all the time and this kept me interested through every page..
Τρομερό!A fantastic book!!!
This book is a very good work of literature and a kind of a history document. I like that even if the author is greek it illustrates the bad sides of both Turks and Greeks. It is culturally rich. I love it and I appreciate the art of this unique author. It worths a try.
There is a plenty of such books in the market. Some of these books are decent while the others just take advantage of the main idea. This main idea is "first believe and then you see". In these days I don't feel like reading something like that even if these ideas could be partially true but this book opened up my mind in some way 13 years ago, when I read it. I think that what this book does is to teach the reader how better is to be optimistic rather than being pessimistic. It has totally worked in my life. Also, it also means a gate in deeper knowledge for any interested person. This is my opinion.
The truth told in such a simple way that even kids can understand. Awesome book for very young as well as for older readers.
I have given only 4 stars instead of 5 because sometimes the author got me bored while he was spending a lot of his ink to describe some things. Despite that, this is one of my favorite books. I love it! Thank you Umberto Eco!Reasons to read this book: You like mystery and history. You love the middle age (though the story is not set in this period only, but in this and many other periods) and the conspiracy theories. You want to learn about interesting and sometimes totally ambiguous historical personalities that you haven't heard before (for example Alessandro Cagliostro or Berange Sonier). You want to open your mind. Reasons to not read this book: You have no patience with big books (it's 900 pages). You don't care about any of the above.
I read this book about 10 years ago, around my 20s. I loved it. It is a beautiful while sad story that can teach us how cruel to the nature the man is. I am sure that you are going to love wolves after reading it.
One of the best presents I ever got! Magical, wonderful. A travel to the world and into the human soul! On of the best books of my library!
A magical journey to a true or not world!
I would give 4 stars to this book because it is a really good book. It describes the immortal greek soul and the passion for freedom and life. The reason i gave 5 stars in this book is because of the dialogues between the characters. What an art it is to transfer feelings and ideas in such a way Kazantzakis did in this novel! Unfortunately, i don't know how easy could be to keep these dialogues completely accurate after the translation in other languages. I am a greek and i had the privilege to read this book in the language it was originally written.
Easy reading - not unforgettable tho
Just brilliant! So happy to read this book! One of my all time favorite
I am a fan of Ruby Wax. I like her personality and I do think that she has been through a lot . She has showed her vulnerability and that is basically the reason she has a strong fanbase. However, this is not enough for me to justify a good review on her book. There is a lot of interesting information about the mind and how it works but most of it is rather basic; although the approach with the monk and the scientist was clever, it did not provide me with a lot of insights rather than : mindfulness is the solution to your problems. Mind you, am meditating on a daily basis and it’s something am grateful to have in my life .
Pleasant reading but I don’t feel I will remember it for a long time. Based on the reviews I read I was expecting more feelings apart from a good read.
I bought this book a year ago and I read this book a year later during the covid 19 epidemic. The book is about an epidemic. It was a very surreal feeling I had during this reading. The story is not to be amazed of but her points were spot on in terms of some of the facts we are facing this time around. Overall it’s a book that I would forget afterwards however due to covid 19 I will give it a 3,5.
** spoiler alert ** Altough this is a pretty sad story and i can understand that it aint easy to recover from such devastating events of life i do not follow his methods and reccomendations for a fullhearted life. Goggins states that in order for someone to be a pionner in life they need to be able to overcome any kind of pain by trying MORE and MORE and then a bit MORE. He does talk well about vulnerability and acceptance of self but what about ''play''? One cannot possible try to strive and succeed in life w/out being able to have fun in life and enjoy it. Is it just about pain?? I think this was just a bit over the top for me; rather too much.
If you are a new coach this is a great way to get a very scientific overview of the approaches , the models and the tools. A must.
I listened to the audio book every morning in my commute and I found it easy and fun to hear. If you are the type of person who gets inspired by the success of others then this is the book to go to.
Brilliant! Loved every page of this book!Easy to read with a very optimistic touch!
I finised this booked and then i started this book again th next day. I will read this book again and again and again.Favourite quote ''the point where the skill becomes spiritual''.
Interesting theories, valuable interventions regarding social intelligence .
An interesting book for someone who wants to start a coaching business . This is a self improvement book and not an actual book about coaching techniques & models thus the 3/5.
Well...what seemed to be a mainstream book in the beginning ended to be one of the most intensed books I have ever read! Loved everything about Stoner despite his mistakes and his bad choices on life.
Ok! The topic (refugees) is very sensitive and that was the reason I bought this book but for most of the time I felt like I was watching a B movie on Netflix. Although it was an easy read, this book tried to pass a deeper meaning which was never delivered .
What an amazing book! The structure , the wording , the examples and the references in history makes this piece a real gem. When you are going after calm in life , calm will not happen but , when you are going after a calmer life, calm will prevail. Brilliant .
Easy to read. Nothing spectacular tho.
A brilliant resource of brilliant ideas & thoughts. Loved every page of this !
Great book for an entry level coach .
This book was a bit of too much! Same set of questions asked to an elite group of succesful people . Its a good effort but it gets predictable and then boring and then a bit pretentious as well. I like Tim Ferriss but i think if there was more variety on the questions and a limited group of people it would be a very interesting resource of practices & sayings.
She (Circe) and I totally deserved this book !
Right....There are so many things I would like to write about this book! From page 5 I just couldn’t stop reading it. The way she describes the swamp, the animals , the main heroes is simply unique! The plot is strong but the attention to detail makes this book one of a kind!
Brilliant book. Loved the connections between the stories.
Right! It is rather challenging to write a review on this book simply because it has enlightened me to a degree that and i dont think i can put it into words. I have been practicing mindfullness for the last 8 months and everything he talks about are very much related to that. Although he talks in a very spiritual way which sometimes is hard to follow ( i had to re-listen a a lot of times ) i find his advice/ findings groundbreaking and inspiring. Highly reccomended to those who are looking for a full hearted life. For anyone else it will be a waste of time.P.S I would go for the hard copy and not for the audio book ( a bit challenging to take in) .
Ok, this audiobook will make you feel comfortable during your most uncomfortable moments ! The first thing I had in mind when finishing it was to start over! By far one of my favorite findings ever!
A light reading with a lot of suspense and many historical references. I enjoyed it!
I enjoyed reading this book, but after finishing it, it looks like I have never read it.
It had a few good points, especially when describing the lives of the monks.
I bought this book because of the reviews and while reading I was hoping to find something that would deeply move me,as it happened to many of you. But...no.
Enjoyable reading, I traveled along with the heroes. Very moving, especially towards the end.
A must read mystery. The atmosphere takes your breath away, you can't stop reading!
The best book I have ever read.
Working in B2B Enterprise Sales and seeing this book and the tips it includes actually manifest and work, is always a delight.Worth the 5 stars.
Great, thoroughly researched work with scientific literature appended with all necessary citations.A subject that it's importance eludes us, yet affects us, each and every living day of ours.
So many notable quotes. Morality, symbolism, existentialism all packed in one great bouquet. A must-read.
Si vis pacem, para bellum.I picked up this read immediately as Putin started to place troops near Ukraine borders. A nice reminder of how thin are the lines to be passed for warfare to become a realistic scenario.
Apart from this lovely book being an unexpected gift, from an unexpected person who I've come to know more and more about - it also had an unexpected effect and lesson.Read through one-sitting, being short in length, it offered me the experience of watching a movie while reading.Vivid images, from the eyes of a young, pre-teen narrator, trying to navigate life's unfathomable difficulties and questions.Although facts are rigid and cannot change - our attitude is able to change our perception.I'll say no more, highly recommended read.
Interested in Geopolitics? Start from this book. The world map is the chessboard. And we're all part of it.
Maybe I didn't get it. Maybe it's just me and the fact that I'm not interested in hallucinating via drugs.
Never underestimate the power of an enraged populus united by an idea. As it is very accurately referred in the book, the 2015 terrorist attacks revealed the new gen of ISIS terrorism.We're talking about Islamicized radicals, not radicalized Muslims anymore.These people are enraged with high society and the powerful/wealthy few, and use religion as a vehicle to sway more individuals struggling with systemic pressure over the verge, towards the dark side of idealism.
I've never felt the chills from reading a book. Karagatsis paints haunting pictures, creates eerie melodies and intricate plots that have a bone-chilling effect. After a stint of non-fiction reading, this book attracted me in a bookstore. It featured a family with roots from Kàsos, an island I've always wanted to visit, living at Syros, an island I've had vacations at and have vivid images of.Karagatsis' love for Dostoyevsky is well-known, and his idol would have been proud of his work. An ancient Greek tragedy, unfolding in a 20th century Greece.An ode to love - and lust - that exceed time and place.
Α man that has loved honoring the code of Bushido.A man that has faced violence, fear, aggression and primitive instincts.A man that has faced death in the family. A man that has passed on the torch of Jiu Jitsu. A man that seeks for purpose and honor, rather than fame and money.A man.
One of the most interesting reads when navigating international business. If you've never worked with international collegaues or clients - expecting, understanding and adjusting to cultural differences can be a game-changer for your communication and negotiations.
Insightful as always, Tim Marshall gives the whole scoop on the rise of nationalism in differents part of the world.
This book was actually "Η ανατομία ενός οικονομικού εγκλήματοςΗνωμένες πολιτείες της Αμερικής κατά Standard and Poor's (2008)"which has not been uploaded yet into GoodReads, and delves into the scandal of the S&P fraud (falsely rating RMBS, ABS and CDOs that led to the 2007 housing crisis.
Personally biased - but I loved the storytelling, as if you were actually in David Goggins' head. This book came to me in a time in my life when I needed it the most. It is definitely extreme, and some moderation would be advised to readers. But for sure, greatness wasn't meant for the fearful.
Yes, interesting macrotheory on why nations fail. Not interesting enough to last for 470 pages. Multiple examples across various countries. If you're interested on the applied theory, there are 15 chapters filled of it. I believe the book could have been more concise, hence the lack of 5/5.
Speechless. We're here for one ride, often not a long one. I've battled with death anxiety for a while. Some pieces of art flare it up, once it has settled down.This was one of those pieces of art. Not in a macabre way, but a reminder of why there's a need to live this life - despite it's Sure End.Out of the finite books one can/may read during their lifetime, I'm grateful this was one of them for me.
You can tell this was written by Nobelists - excellent work of research.The only reason I'd put a lower score is the evident political undertone - but economics directly interact with politics.
Oh, Dr. Cialdini. I remember checking and re-checking when was this first published. "Of course, I said. If it isn't contemporary - it's prophetic. Soooo..1984". (Yes - I made an Orwell reference and his almost prophetic abilities of dystopia).But then I remembered. Human nature and automatic responses have and always will exist. From the ol' reliable tale of Adam, Eve and the forbidden fruit, to Dr. Cialdini explaining why we always want that cookie in the jar more when we know it's the last left.A must-read on fundamental social psychology.
Thoroughly enjoyed it as an audiobook. Tough love is needed sometimes in our pampered society of political correctness.Key personal outtakes, that although already known, reminded me of their importance.1. Memento mori.2. Knowledge is power, but ignorance isn't always bliss without the whole picture.3. Veritas. Truth and Honesty above everything.4. Embrace the struggle. It's the foundation of character.
It’s not every day you get to have tears from writing a review for a business book. Yet, I’ve found myself in this day. The passion behind Phil’s crazy idea will echo through generations. It’s never just about business.
Consultant > Salesperson. Great business book, analyzing the principles of GAP selling. Capture current state of an organization, understand where they want their future state to be - find what is creating the gap between current <> future states. Quantify the problem - and solve it.
I did this book wrong- but I always felt a weird attraction to it and sense that I should at least finish it. The grim reality of the post-WWII Soviet Union, loss of innocence, harsh reality of people and their relationships are the underlying themes I kept from this book.What’s most impressive is that the reader sees through the eyes of a teenage boy on his path to becoming a man and coming to terms with life and it’s funny way it happens to all of us.I’m in awe. 5 stars, all day. If details and backstories get too much for you - please bare with Michel, he is trying his best to make you feel part of the Club.
As a modern social critic, Mr. Harari provides an insightful, out-of-the-box approach on the plausible outcomes of our never-ending hunt for new stimuli, stemming from the 21st century's ongoing rapid technological evolution.The homo sapiens' greed is limitless. Will it lead to its fallout? Or to its gradual transformation to "homo deus" status?
The lies. The deception. The unrealistic non-existence of a moral compass. The greed for fame and fortune. Meet the recipe for what seems to be a manipulative sociopath, as stated in the book, named Elizabeth Holmes. Oh, and her #2 in hierarchy - and "secret lover"- the tyrant, Sunny Balwani.This book is dedicated to all people who stand up for what's right and ethical, despite the relentless pressure from corporate bullies.And if I learnt something from the above, it's to always keep a tab on any legal document you sign. Because it might just come around and bite you.As long as people stand up for what is right, Truth and Justice shall shine.
Trigger warning: suicideA perspective shift. 3 stars solely because of Seneca's obsession to glorify suicide or "self-euthanasia". Reminded me of Yukio Mishima's fear of the deteriorating soul and body - and his tragic self-inflicted death.
As a 6'6" white, cis-gender, straight male - it's delusional of me to not know how being on the other side of bias feels like. Great perspective regarding height diversity.
A window to the past.People, their emotions and vices do not change. Every time I read post-war literature, makes me think of the horrors and the backlash these people have endured and let this experience seep into their existence. But also, their need for love, flirting and adventure, even in a more old-fashioned society.In some peculiar way, the tragedy of war and living on the brink of death must give a newfound sense of vitality in the post war period.Perhaps, that's why Gatsby's parties were as extravagant and sought out by the wealthy Easterners. Last but not least, I never seize to be amazed by the eternal patterns of forbidden love, passion, and betrayal. From ancient Greek tragedies to post-war American Literature.
Selling is not only a profession. One that most of us have unconsciously associated with being pushy, aggressive and selfish.Selling is the art of persuasion to assist an individual reach their target and fulfill the needs.This book is the best Sales material I have read until now.And if you think about it, we all sell, every. day.
I didn't like the title of the book. I was afraid it was about being manipulative. Quite the contrary.This book is not a bag of tricks. It's a mentality shift to be a better people person. Inevitably, yes, you'll be able to influence too.But, first and foremost, it's about being genuine and understanding of everyone before getting your way.
As the title of the book suggests, I have come to the conclusion that trying to understand chess without knowing or memorizing the chessboard is an impossible task. Hence the need for geographical knowledge.The intertwined nature between geography and politics is once again evident through Tim Marshall's exceptional narration.Marshall has had the ability to thoroughly explain the political shadowplay occuring behind multiple regional scenes.
Four days of casual reading was all it took to finish this masterpiece. Haruki Murakami manages to surface feelings to the reader, which the latter might not even know that they existed. If one will look beneath the storyline and the characters, and into the deep symbolism of the novel, he/she will unveil its existential magnitude." Playing" with the concepts of life, death and love in all of its manifestations, Murakami provides an alternate point of view in the endless existential dilemmas one may encounter throughout a lifetime.Personally, the images and the darkness this book conveyed, will accompany my thoughts for a long time, in a personal journey to practice gratitude.
Beyond limited essential financial literacy principles displayed in the first chapters of the book - it became increasingly vague and repetitive as the pages went on.Play Monopoly people - you'll learn a bunch about yourself and money.
Good perspective-check. There's always another side.
In awe. One of the books that touched me profoundly - like I was indeed in therapy.A most useful tool in your personal internal psychoanalysis.
Words do not suffice.
It is an army report of everyday life and includes testimonies of internees. I read the book before visiting the Dachau concentration camp. Everything that is in this book can be found in the memorials museum.
a really cosy bookstore setting, where a feelgood story of life, romance, friendship and love for books is being untangled 📖☕ the cosy london vibes in an old bookstore along with the characters, make it very pleasant to read and mentally walk around the vintage bookshelves 🤭
childhood faves 🥹
this book's reminder to all people: ❛ don't judge a person by their external appearance, but by their character, heart and actions ♡ ❜
what a magical journey ✨
cosy read for young and old readers ✨
nice plot, amazing art style!! I loved aster's character 🥺
always so heartwarming <3
a wonderful journey towards spreading our wings ♡
okay, this book was everything... I simply loved every single page so much, the coziness, the overflowing simple comforting love, the found family, the slice of life, the cherry blossom road, the whole journey of making dorayaki. so simple yet so touching, heart full of peace and hope after this 🥹💌
what a thrilling ending of a trilogy 😌 this last book had me literally absorbed to watch the marvelously planned plot in agony. so witty 😳 in the middle of the book, when you thought the game was over, holly had planned everything so carefully, mouth left opened 🙏🏻 the ending almost disappointed me but I think it ended on a hopeful note 💝
✨ thrilling ✨
I really enjoyed the parts of dinosaur and human history. the rest of the book was a little bit too scientific for me tbh!
loved how their relationship got stronger after such tension, they needed to figure out themselves, their boundaries and each other so much better ♥️
once I got used to the different time zones and povs, the book became so interesting, till the last intriguing part 😌🙏🏻✨
a warm feelgood romance ♡
an imaginary world worth getting lost into ✨
an extraordinary way to express the power books hold and the love they receive from the readers. the strength this boy shows, the will to fight for the shake of books, is truly inspiring and admirable 🌻🫶🏻
what a masterpiece 😌❤️
had me laughing in irony so many times. so honest and revealing with an even more shocking ending.
innovative way of writing, nice plot and what an ending to the mystery 🔎
the paris trip ✨
full of truth, life acceptance and motivation messages ♡
a life-changing book. a story that helped me discover myself. a book about the importance of friendship. a true masterpiece ✨
lovely illustrations🥰
I'm utterly amazed once again by holly jackson's way of untangling such a well-structured story! every time the ending is so unexpected yet thrilling >< it had me binge reading, I loved it <3
the movie was an extremely good adaptation of this book <3 always wanted to read it, everything about it is so magical 🧚‍♀️
what a comforting book 🥹 the movie adaptations are very much based on the original story and I knew I'd love it as well😌 what a world to live in ✨ bilbo is my soulmate yall 🫶🏻
magical tales hehe 🤭✨
this series just keep getting better and better! I loved this adventure so much, well done effie and garance! 🤭💗
a deeply moving story <3 《 they were all seeing off familiar souls. all that remained was a lingering glow, the colorful lights sparkled on the river's surface creating a ray that reached them all 》♡
so glad nick is finally exploring himself ♡
relatable and kinda motivational
exciting to see pip in a mystery role play, before she begins her real murder journey 👀 (3.5✨)
unique storyline, would love to see the story evolving on the next vols! (actually a 3.5)
the plot, the characters, this book is a masterpiece ✧ it had me binge reading it and i couldn't put it down ><
idk how holly does it, but she's the ultimate queen. so well-planned, so unexpected, another masterpiece 🤌🏻
really spooky, absorbing, amazing descriptions and sceneries ✨ total spooktober chill vibes ⭐
deeply moving, full of hidden messages about society and prejudice of people
loved the illustrations🤭❤️
so innocent, brutal and touching. I'll always remember this friendship and tear up, so beautiful yet so unfair 3
(it's actually a 3.5⭐)okay, this book started off with an interesting plot, then got slump but in the end the plot twists got crazyyy😳 it was actually a good book but I think one has to reach the last 100 pages to figure that out 👌 it's just her writing style but the end is always very intriguing 💫
This book is the best thing that happened to my-pianistic-self.
I maybe remember all the cheesy love/friendship quotes fom this book. But i accept that this is what the book gave me in this phase of my life. Orprobably that is what i searched for in it.I loved how the characters got older and how the narration of this was made. It was special and i could be part of it. It seemed like a real book about relationships, friendships, loss and how life is taking you different ways.. 🥲
Tom Robbins is a master in writing original, funny and meaningful stories that you love to read
great book... 3 partsPart 1:how habits emerge within individual lives.Part 2: habits.of successful companies and organizations Part3: society habit formation... Examplespractical simple things...fun to read
Two worlds...
Hmmmm...why not watch netflix?
A good book. Dan Brown is a good author. He does his research, he can weave the plot nicely, and he's a good author for Hollywood to invest in new movies.
Easy read! But ok...I learned and refreshed some geography...lolGreeks in the Arctic around 330 B.C., while Alexander the Great was conquering the Middle East!"The first recorded expedition was in 330 BCE by a Greek mariner called Pytheas of Massilia, who found a strange land called ‘Thule’. Back home in the Mediterranean, few believed his startling tales of pure white landscapes, frozen seas and strange creatures including great white bears; but Pytheas was just the first of many people over the centuries to record the wonder of the Arctic and to succumb to the emotions it evokes."Marshall, Tim (2016). "Prisoners of Geography". p 320.
A good first touch with spiritual world. I me two people of the spiritual world coming together to find and communicate joy. An easy read
[Bauman readings: Social rights. The forgotten and the forbidden task.]Trumpshits around the world eventually will lose! My bet.Bauman is very harsh in his language, almost he employs a highly enraged, bitter language about his concerns for this world. Yet, he seems infuriated and very displeased, to say the least, about the management, by the few, of this world. A careless, mindless if not offensive and irresponsible endeavor to cast off their waste (human and material)!His thoughts are dark and future pessimistic. Fear and the need for security is the reason. But the means to achieve them, by promising more security, have driven our societies off-course. I suspect the right course was to keep fulfilling the promise of providing justice to a society that enjoys personal, political and social rights. Peace presupposes and needs justice after all. It follows:‘A vigorous welfare programme’, as d’Arcais sums up his argument more than half a century after Beveridge, ‘ought to be an integral, and constitutionally protected, part of every democratic project.’ Without political rights, people cannot be conﬁdent of their personal rights; but without social rights, political rights will remain an unattainable dream, a useless ﬁction or a cruel joke for the large number of those to whom they have been granted by the letter of law. If social rights are not assured, the poor and indolent cannot practise the political rights they formally possess. And then the poor will have only such entitlements as governments think it necessary to concede, and as is acceptable to those with the genuine political muscle to gain and keep power. As long as they remain resourceless, the poor may hope at most to be receivers of transfers, not subjects of rights.'Paolo Flores d'Arcais, "The US elections: a lesson in political philosophy: populist drift, secular ethics, democratic politics" in Zygmunt Bauman (2007). "Liquid Times. Living in an Age of Uncertainty." Polity, p.65.
I liked this book so much!
Best book read ever! Just read it...
Be careful what you read! NYT Best Selling Authors/Books has disappointed me once more. Check the books for science based facts and always get help from your doctor about their views on other doctors.
📚📕📖Just finished reading (in English this time) a great classic novel by Gustav Flaubert - "Madame Bovary", 1856 (Oxford World's Classics). I started it 10 days ago in Athens and finished it today (on purpose 😉) somewhere in the Aegean Sea! 😊😊 Ohhhh Emma, Emma, Emma...❤️
[Mentally preparing for my national service?]Just finished my second book on survival/offensive skills and mindsets. I think I need a generous dose of ethics and human rights texts. After long hour reading sessions you get out in your daily activities and you experience normality as a dangerous situation, the feeling of being unaware of the dangers is vivid.After all Clint Emerson, a retired navy seal admits that "operative's mindset is defined by preparedness and awareness". The golden survival mentality is a working combination of trust of your instincts while considering knowledge obtained by solid training. Notwithstanding though the fact that "our fate is determined by how far we are prepared to push ourselves to stay alive - the decisions we make to survive" and mere luck
I like mystery books with artifacts and secret societies.
Classic Dan Brown I would say!
Hmmm...I felt like he was trying to revive "The Davinci Code". His research about the book was there, the plot was OK, and his writing style was also apparent, but still was missing some originality. But, overall I liked it.
You know it is a great book.
I read the 3rd edition. Extreme measures to survive. That is a guide where nothing is as you know it. Societies have broken down.
A must-read (and some take aways): "Why Democracies Die" || Levitsky & Ziblatt."A central lesson of this book: When American democracy has worked, it has relied upon two norms that we often take for granted—mutual tolerance and institutional forbearance. Treating rivals as legitimate contenders for power and underutilizing one’s institutional prerogatives in the spirit of fair play are not written into the American Constitution. Yet without them, our constitutional checks and balances will not operate as we expect them to. When French thinker Baron de Montesquieu pioneered the notion of separation of powers in his 1748 work The Spirit of the Laws, he worried little about what we today call norms. Montesquieu believed the hard architecture of political institutions might be enough to constrain overreaching power—that constitutional design was not unlike an engineering problem, a challenge of crafting institutions so that ambition could be used to counteract ambition, even when political leaders were flawed. Many of our founders believed this, as well.History quickly revealed that the founders were mistaken. Without innovations such as political parties and their accompanying norms, the Constitution they so carefully constructed in Philadelphia would not have survived. Institutions were more than just formal rules; they encompassed the shared understandings of appropriate behavior that overlay them.Montesquieu believed the hard architecture of political institutions might be enough to constrain overreaching power—that constitutional design was not unlike an engineering problem, a challenge of crafting institutions so that ambition could be used to counteract ambition, even when political leaders were flawed. Many of our founders believed this, as well.[...]"In our view, the idea that Democrats should “fight like Republicans” is misguided. First of all, evidence from other countries suggests that such a strategy often plays directly into the hands of authoritarians."[...]"Even if Democrats were to succeed in weakening or removing President Trump via hardball tactics, their victory would be Pyrrhic—for they would inherit a democracy stripped of its remaining protective guardrails."[...]"This sort of escalation rarely ends well. If Democrats do not work to restore norms of mutual toleration and forbearance, their next president will likely confront an opposition willing to use any means necessary to defeat them. And if partisan rifts deepen and our unwritten rules continue to fray, Americans could eventually elect a president who is even more dangerous than Trump."[...]"Thinking about how to resist the Trump administration’s abuses is clearly important. However, the fundamental problem facing American democracy remains extreme partisan division—one fueled not just by policy differences but by deeper sources of resentment, including racial and religious differences. America’s great polarization preceded the Trump presidency, and it is very likely to endure beyond it."POLARIZARION in the USA, how to combat the sources:"We think it would be more valuable to focus on two underlying forces driving American polarization: racial and religious realignment and growing economic inequality. Addressing these social foundations, we believe, requires a reshuffling of what America’s political parties stand for.
Επιτέλους το τελείωσα (2 μιση μήνες!)."Dennis Sutton wrote: 'the frontiers of science arealways a bizarre mixture of new truth (General Relativity), reasonable hypotheses (the existence of Black Holes) andwild conjecture' (the existence of White Holes).This quotation applies well to this book: atpresent we can say that General Relativity belongs to the firstcategory, black holes to the second and white holes to the third.However, it is also fair to say that some of the 'wildest' conjectureshave helped to advance science, and for this reason white holesare worth some attention. Their charm is increased by the factthat their study has a playful aspect to it, not usually expectedby the general public, but essential for many scientists. So, let'splay!"[...] "the solutions to the 'equations of physics' do notnecessarily occur in the real world. It is not, however, alwayssimple to sort out the real solutions from the fictional ones. Inparticular, great care is needed when considering the physicalinterpretation of symmetrical solutions, even if they areaesthetically attractive."===============Ένα εξαιρετικό βιβλίο με κύριο αντικείμενο όχι τόσο τις Μαύρες Τρύπες, όσο την ιστορική κατανόηση της γέννησης και του θανάτου της ύλης στο Σύμπαν.Μια ανασκόπηση της θεωρητικής σκέψης (ακολουθούμενης από την πειραματική φυσική που επαληθεύει την πρώτη) για το τί μπορεί να συμβαίνει στο Σύμπαν!Απόσπαμα από το εξαιρετικό βιβλίο του Jean-Pierre Luminet (1987). Les Trous Noir, Belfond, στα ελληνικά από τις εκδόσεις Τραυλος, σελ. 248-9.
I was expecting much more than I had and to be honest I didn't make it to the end. I tried but I couldn't. The progress was too slow and the writing was not enough to keep reading.
I read this book once in a while just to remind myself basic things about writing!
One of my favourite while-writing stories. Enjoy!
An appropriate ending of the trilogy. King knows how to evolve the characters like anyone else. I have become friend of these guys through the three books and as the end approaches I felt a little sad... This is what I really seek in books.
easy-reading with some of the best piece of advice in relationships. Married or not, with or without children, you will all agree that there are most of the things that should be done in a relationship.
Great talent, great work, great stories!!! 'nuff said!
Kill Creek is supposed to be a horror story however not scary enough (personal opinion,sorry,not sorry). The first half is very slow and when the writer finally sets the mood,something is missing.The second half let me down actually because of the caricature horror(?) scenes. Moreover the plot twist about the house is not a twist, there are plenty of hints in the previous chapters,but anyway it delivers a conclusion.Actually there is a second twist I really liked so...thumbs up!Anyway it wasn't a bad reading,did the job for a vocation book thus the 3*. Cheers!
This book was send to me from the author in exchange for an honest review. Thank you for that!The book kicked of really well, as the main protagonist and narrator seemed likeable and there was a map (I love maps!). However, soon too many details (names, places etc) were given too fast, details that confused me instead of helping me get to know this "world" (yes, there was an appendix in the last pages, but it was many pages long). Moreover the action was endless when the truelly meaningful dialoges were scarse. Most of them didn't make sense to me and didn't help to get to know the protagonists.The POV was changed with every chapter (I think there were 4 different POVs), something that I usually like, as it provides details and helps understand the people and their actions. The problem is you can't do that without actually giving a "name" to that POV, because it's too confusing - especially in the beginning, when you know nobody! Also, I still don't get the point of the child-mage POV, since he wasn't immediatly connected to the plot.Now to all the above add typos (e.g. the word "thought" was used instead of "taught" in multiple occasions), grammatical errors, verds missing..It's a pity, because I think that the concept and world-building are actually very interesting and I'd really like to read a well-written series about it.p.s. that cliffhanger was really good!!
It was just ok. Great beginning, atmospheric, beautiful descriptions… however, quite boring after a point. Also, I didn’t like the kind of relationship Addie forms with Luc at all. And actually kind of hated the end.
it's a nice book, to pass your time, but over-estimated
*3.5/5" I was grateful for understanding in that moment that life can really be as simple as just breathing in and out. And I was thankful to know what it was to love a person walking next to me as much as I did. So deeply, so furiously. So impossibly."
Simply yet beautifully written. It made me slow down and wish (now more than ever) to have access to a café like this ..
“...he adds: I love you. I’m not just saying that, I really do. Her eyes fill up with tears again and she closes them. Even in memory she will find this moment unbearably intense, and she’s aware of this now, while it’s happening. She has never believed herself fit to be loved by any person. But now she has a new life, of which this is the first moment...” Sally Rooney’s writing has a very unique way of making you breath along the book. It’s not extremely descriptive. She rather makes mindful observations that bring depth to the plot and the characters. There are pauses between the words, that somehow make you internalize the story and make it your own.
I loved the book!I started reading excerpts of this novel at the author’s blog, and had to rush to Amazon to buy it.I thoroughly enjoyed it - great blend of mystery and romance. I kept turning pages and wouldn’t put it down until the end.Having read this one, as well as the first one, I can’t wait for the third novel in this series.Highly recommended!
Wow! What an exciting ride that book was!I thoroughly enjoyed the book — a great blend of mystery and romance. I kept turning pages and wouldn't put it down until the end.I can’t wait for the next novel in this series.Highly recommended!
You might think this is a novel, but it is something much more than that. It's a small handbook on why you should believe in yourself and how a passionate group of people united by an idea and common goal can make change happen. If you thought that modern football is the norm and the good, old days of sport teams being directed by people for the people, you will definitely reconsider after reading this. It's a cliché, but it's also the truth: if you believe in something and fight hard for it, then you can achieve it.
** spoiler alert ** I was asked to provide feedback about this play. I have not seen the TV series and had no idea there even was one. I read it in one session and while it is funny, I wish I had read something else than this crap. The protagonist is just a nymphomaniac from a fucked up family (typical), but her mind is even more disturbed. Misery sells, I guess.
"The Stranger" really impressed me, but this one came nowhere close. I am all for alligorical stuff and this is supposed to be about WWII, however the connection often is not there or is done with huge jumps that define reason. The plot becomes more and more boring and the characters feel strange in a way I struggled to connect with them. It's like all of them share some genes with the "The Stranger" which make them apathetic to some things when most of their actions show interest about fighting the plague. On the other hand, it's crazy how a fictional book (Camus experienced no plague or pandemic himself) unintentionally "predicts" how people would and did respond to Covid-19 pandemic. At times, it made me feel like I live in some dystopia and reading about it. As a conclusion, I believe there is more to gain than to lose in reading "The Plague", it just did not bring me any joy or feeling of accomplishment.
Overrated novel, balancing between early science fiction and memoir. Meyrink was an occultist and kind of wacko. His writing is influenced by his personal experiences and all things that cult members obsess about: magic, spiritualism and the liquid barriers between what is real and more real. Golem was supposed to be about Golem but it is a blurry story for a man who doesn't know who he is but he doesn't really care about it. The only thing resembling of a plot in this book is never resolved and it's never clear if it is important or not at all. On the positive side, I enjoyed the depictions of the Jewish ghetto of Prague and the strange secondary characters involved. No spoiler, but the ending is the "always convenient" ending of writers who don't know what to do with what they've written for 300+ pages now.
Words are not enough when it comes to men like Chronis Missios. A genuine communist in the WWII and Cold War era, Missios spend most of his life in prison or banished in small islands of the Greek archipelago. He was tortured often and even though he quickly figured out the faults of the greek Communist Party, he never broke and he never betrayed his beliefs or comrades, but also he never lost his love for humanity, even with his torturers. A true hero of our times. This is his first book, his first memoir.
I have a "sweet tooth" for WWI novels and German literature of the Interwar period — the fact I enjoyed reading "Schlump" was no surprise. Published in the same year as "All Quiet On The Western Front" of Erich Maria Remarque, "Schlump" is more optimistic and humorous. Make no mistake, it has its (very) dark moments and makes little effort to mask the atrocities of the trenches and constant artillery fire, but they are not a big part of the story since the protagonist was lucky enough to spend most of the war away from the frontlines. The best part of "Schlump" is the large number of minor, colorful characters and the feeling you never know what comes next. The uncertainty that comes with long-lasting war is present without major and unrealistic plot twists. Emil, the protagonist, is a common man who survives by doing what needs to be done, without ever investing his soul or becoming too involved. He remains hopeful and apathetic at the same time towards the future. That was his way to keep the war from breaking him, but not from changing him.
After the first few pages, I was excited with this book and Miské's writing. It was flowing, interesting, with a good touch of mystery. Around halfway, it started spiraling downwards and never recovered. Hasty, flat, with a number of plot holes (small but significant). Worst of all, everything dissolves so fast and illogically, in a way that it killed everything for me. This is all magnified becasue it's a noir, things must remain interesting or at least somehow realistic to the end. It feels like the writer got tired or wanted to finish this as fast as possible (maybe a deadline?), there is a big discrepancy between the first third and the last third of the book, with everything in between just keeping the deflation going. It could have been a 5-star but even three stars feel too much for me.
Spyros is a friend, so I'm not gonna be objective with this book.A bag of modern short stories, inspired from the Athenian concrete jungle, some who live in its dark places and the dark that lives inside of others. The writing is bold, sometimes raw, and as original as it gets, nothing is taken back. The stories flow smoothly, it's not one of this books you want to finish so you never come back to it. You can read it in two days, but you want to come again and again. In ana era of well-polished, wannabe-perfect books, Spyros aims to be real and this is his triumph.
I've read better books than this, few have had a bigger impact than Still Life with Woodpecker.Romantic, funny, a "punch in the mouth" for people whose routine looks like work-eat-sleep. There's more in the life for the Woodpecker, and should be more for us as well. Forget the "sexist" cr*p you might read about this book. Just read it, live its adventure and let it inspire you.
I loved this book. So many small stories evolve around the main plot and we get to learn everything about the protagonist's family, his past and his ancestors' past. Morality has a premium place in this novel, as do boldness and temperamental behavior over politeness and hypocrisy. It's in Italy, after all. Enia does a great job in combining love, the sea, boxing and flashbacks into a modern romantic novel for people of all ages.
It's no wonder that this book is considered a classic. The Charterhouse of Parma is filled with the intricacies of Italy during and after the Napoleonic years, the nuances and conspiracies of royal houses and the overwhelming power and motivation that comes with being in love with someone who is hard to be with. It's not an easy read, but not it's not as hard as most describe it. There are some miscues, but it's expected for a book written in less than 2 months and they don't ruin much overall. The only real issue is the abrupt ending, forced by the publisher, which took out around 80 pages.
It's slow and boring at times. It feels like the story was molded around a few ideas that Mungan wanted to write, but the story itself is tedious and has no peaks. However, it is a novel written in 2003 (almost 20 years ago) and condemns a dystopian islamic state, not so far from what ISIL could have been or what Turkey might soon become—or other countries might already be. What surprised me is that I have never ever read such an ode to women and female existence in the world, which the burqa (or Çador, as the novel's title) tries to remove from the memory of society. But "Çador" is not just about an islamic dystopia. Memories, home, nostalgia, war, family, love and how time messes up with all that, plus a number of good quotes. The essence is there, just not the most suitable story.
This is the kind of book that makes me wish Goodreads had a 7-star ranking system or more, or at least half stars. I'd rate it as a 4,5-star, but with no such option, i'll go with five since it's closer to perfect than to very good.Washington Square is my first Henry James novel. I never thought I'd like it, because romance is not my cup of tea, and ended up loving it. The story is very common: the innocent (to the point of stupidity) daughter of a rich widower gets charmed by and falls in love with handsome fuckboy who wants to be rich without moving a muscle. Yet, the characters are so real and passionate that made me feel I'm reading about people I already know. It's not just romance; there is deceit, cunning plans and interesting dialogues. The presence of James as the narrator is obvious and enjoyable, but doesn't take center stage often and allows the story to progress naturally and the characters to breathe, live and evolve. Overall, one of the most underrated books I've read.
I'd like to say this is a good book, but it's not. Maybe 2 and a half stars would be more fair, but it's not a 3-star novel. Modiano's writing is great, it's relatively simple and it does not wear the reader out. I enjoyed his flashbacks and the book's concept is OK, but this is where the good things end. The plot is much more abstract than it should be (or he strived to make it), I lost track of things many times for such a short book. There is a sudden change of speed near the end which killed it for me. Most importantly, we never learn about two of the "main" characters and their role. It could have been a great book, but it ended up very flawed.
By far the best book for the life of Aris Velouchiotis. The author spent half of his life doign research on Velouchiotis and managed to talk with many of his comrades and other people who knew him. Unfortunately, this is the only trully legitimate thing about this book. The author often tries to explain the events and politics of the era with flawed reasoning. He even gets dates mixed up. Still most of what he describes is true, the resistance got screwed by everyone:- the extreme Right (many of whom cooperated with the Nazi Germans)- the "democratic" government (who used the extreme Right in order to retain the power)- the Greek communist party (who had no balls to act on its own and waited for guidance from USSR, when USSR had other priorities)I would advise all readers to read more books in order to understand what happened in Greece during the 1941-1950 era and not to stick with just this book. Still, if you want to know about Aris, this is what you have to read first.
I am not an expert in comedies, neither a fan of late-Renaissance/early-Enlightenment satire. From my point of view, "The Misanthrope" transcends the norm of theatrical play and the test of time; it's a condemnation of over-the-top politeness, a huge "fuck you" to hypocrites and their fake manners. Alceste, the protagonist, despises all social behavior that is untrue and those who try to manipulate their way to higher social ranks with flattery, or even by hiding their true (and often offensive) view of their peers. He might look like a weirdo, a man with little touch with his day and age, but in fact he is the greatest tragic hero.
A nice book with a very moving ending. I am pretty sure this will be all that Ι will remember from "The Light Between Oceans" after a couple of years. It's genuine story becomes less and less interesting and towards the end it's drargging and it feels like the writer did not decide what to do with her characters until late. If there's any meaning to it, it is to do the right thing at the right time, otherwise bury it as deep as you can and never talk about it again. If not, be ready to pay the price.
Not as emotional or shocking as his first book. Missios mainly focuses on the military junta era (1967-1974) when he spent most of his days in exile. He also talks about his first two travels to the USSR and what he saw made his beliefs about communism collapse in him. He still remained loyal to the greek Communist party, but it was never the same for him. There is a lot of emotional writing and the time sequence gets blurry often, but still the ideas in this book make it a worthy reading.
This is my first Coelho read. I can see why hardcore readers think he is overrated and why genre fiction readers love him. The plot, the story and the writing style are very simple. I'd like it to a bit more deep and smarter. However, Coelho makes a story to serve his philosophy and not the other way around. If you are struggling with anxiety and need something to make you believe in yourself and give you a gentle "fuck the rest" attitude, give "Veronica Decides to Die" a chance. The only reason I didn't rate this higher is it felt unfair to most 4-star books I've read.
Much like Tom Robbins' Still Life With Woodpecker, this is not among the best written books I've read, but definitely one of the most inspiring.Missios criticises our modern, sterile way of living by taking us to a dreamy place where society rules are different. It's a must-read for those feeling something missing from their lives, and much more for those who think they are settled and happy. It does not have to be something you like, but it's going to make you question everything around you.
A short but very informative work about who Aris Alexandrou was.
If you want to learn about the life on the western front of the Great War, I don't think you can find a better book. Remarque fought during WWI and wrote about it in this book. Even he fought for Germany, his book was banned by the Nazis because it depicted the hardship and the horror of war, not only for the soldiers, but also for those left behind. It feels a bit flat at times, but this is war — it's not all explosions and fighting, it's mostly waiting in cover while you're being shelled by the opposition.
Someone wrote that this book feels like "verbal masturbation" and proceeded to give a bad rating. Well, sometimes masturbation feels better than the real thing and if you understand Robbins, you know he would agree. This is his last work of fiction and he switches to "all gun blazing" mode. In his own, unique way, he criticizes the Catholic Church, Christian faith, religion in general, imperialism, social conformity, capitalism and much more. Switters is an adorable character — adorable in a strange way. His adventures take him from the USA to Peru, back to the US, then to Syria in the middle of the desert. The story, of course, is pure comedy.What this world would be without Tom Robbins' novels?PS: Fuck the Dallas Cowboys.
There's so much in this book, I can't even decide where to start. It's very ordinary and strangely deep at the same time. It's Woolf's final book and it was published without her final edit and permission and I while I am not sure if the final version would be more precise, this made me feel lost at times. I have to read it again, as I am not confident I understood the backstory and the psyche of each character. A small village in England, the annual theatrical play that serves as a charity for the local church, an old man that goes with reason, his sister that lives by her faith, his son whose marriage is crumbilng and surviving at the same time — and so much more, all intertwined and going nowhere.
The setting is haunting. The night is terrifying, reality mingles with the supernatural, voices and strange sounds everywhere...and ghosts. Comala is a ghost town. A ghost town where death is most alive, as Dark Tranquillity would say (strange that a lyric from a Swedish death metal band depicts so accurately a town from a Mexican novel written 50 years earlier). The narration is bumpy. You can't really put all pieces in place unless you read this book two or three times. This is a negative for me. It's a one thing to read a book again because you love it and a different thing to do it because it is so complex that you cannot keep up with the many names, stories and their chronological order. Other than that, it's a compact and easy-to-read novel that takes you back in rural north Mexico of the late 1910s-early 1920s. Pedro Paramo was a big influence for many writers (including Gabriel Garcia Marquez) and this is why it is held in high regard, but if you strip the book of its legacy, this is not a special piece of work in any way,
A lie can go a long way even if it doesn't.Set in England of the 19th century, "North and South" is all about comparison and contrast. The rural south and the industrial north, the businessmen of industry and the workers, the catholics and the anglicanists (and the non-believers), the virtue and the fall from it. Though the book has no real end meaning and its ending feels out of pace with the rest of the story, it is very enjoyable and as it progresses, it becomes more engaging. It is also a brave piece of work, featuring a female protagonist with left-leaning ideals. Gaskell was a favorite of Charles Dickens and it is not hard to see the connection on the page. Classic readers will love it, but it will feel trivial to thrill seekers and modern day fans.
Martin Mynhardt is a succesful businessman. He is also an asshole. He is a male chauvinist Afrikaaner who believes he knows how to exploit the coming changes every time, yet he does not even really know himself. When he finally gets the time to rethink his past, he manages to see things a bit differently, but he fails to admit that his perception of people, society, and South Africa are not exactly right. And worst of all, he realizes that he is alone in the world, despite having his own family, despite his mother being still alive, despite his mistress, despite his close friend Bernard, despite the people that work for him. What he doesn't realize is that the time for the fall of Apartheid is closer than ever before and that you can never escape your true self, no matter what you do — even if you are trying to sell the farm you grew up as a child for a boatload of money, it will always haunt you.It took great effort to finish this book, it feels trivial at times. But the populous and segregated Soweto, the dry land of Eastern Cape, the south african winter and the multi-faceted story (regarding metaphors and meanings) are enough to keep you going to the end.
Three white men from the Western World trying to save their sanity while chained in a cell in Lebanon as hostages of some Arab terrorist(?) group. It's funny, but not very funny and that's about it.
The original idea behind this book is nice, but the way the plot moves forward is flat and unrealistic—a bad thing for a story that wants to be real and believable. The writer knows more things about the US than the average Greek, I get it. Throwing in some city names, a Mustang car, some Navajo philisophy, a former blues/rock singer, Mark Twain and his most known heroes, Oliver Twist and Huck Fin, plus random events like beggars who know poetry and children that live inside a tree trunk won't help a novel feel American or steal any shine from the aforementioned (and widely recognizable) themes and characters. It's raw and often the writer tries to escapes his plot obstacles with new introductions and little success. It's the second book of Stamatis that I read and frankly, it's worse that the first which was written earlier.
I wish I could give this book 10 stars. I can confidently say that this is my favourite book.Set in Berlin during the late days of the Weimar republic, this book has it all:- A great original title (Der Gang Vor Die Hunde, meaning the "road to the dogs") that was changed by the publisher to something more "friendly" and "commercial"- Vivid images of 1930s' Berlin- An equal sense of romance and decay- The feeling of the end of days- Funny moments, cause life is not tragedy, it's a comedy where everyone is laughing to the misery of others.- Great political commentary, topped up with sparkling apathyThis book is 90 years old. It could be 90 minutes old as well. The world is fucked up, there is always a big divide between rich and poor, between conservatives/nationalists that blame the others for all that's wrong and progressivists that have no solid plan and between what the world could be and reality. In the end, no matter what you think, you are wasting your life away. Some just so it in the less popular or accepted way.
Great collection of unrelated stories of charactes loosely related with the 1919-1922 Greek-Turkish war. The first half of the book is better than the last and the story pattern gets repetitive. The characters, however, feel so real and bring back memories of people from another era — people of a bygone era that if any millenials in Greece rememeber, it's from their very young age and only at their parents' birthplace in the Greek provinces.
This a one-period book, which at times makes it hard for you to stop reading even if you want to, but overall it is fluid and written in a way which is easy to follow. That would make it great until you look at the text and realise that instead of one period and it is many periods with just the period full points taken away—but that is not something extraordinary. The plot is flat. The "train of thought" of the main character is mostly about everyday life and how we come to the point we are through the countless possibilities of the universe and time (this is what I will most likely keep from this book). The small things of family life, working as an engineer and civil servant, and watching your children outgrow the home you built for them, of moving forward no matter what is what this book is mostly about. But other than that, I did not find anything really great about it. And can a dead man eat a sandwich? McCormack probably believes so, but I beg to differ. All in all a good but overrated novel.
A small epic that takes you to the latter days of the Ottoman Empire. It's a slow-paced story of a man enduring prison, banishment and hardship while clinging on the hope of returning home. Set in the Levant and mostly the Balkans, the theme of rural life and folk customs is present from start to finish. There are fragments of adventure, religion and spirituality, as well. It drags towards the final quarter, some might find it repetitive. I finished it without getting tired of it. Overall a very good novel and ideal for anyone who wants to dive into middle-eastern literature.
A story of torture, pain, loss and alienation. Set in the aftermath of the 1922 Great Fire of Smyrna and the retaliation of Turks that followed the defeat of the Greak forces in Asia Minor, the book describes 2 years of the writer's life as a prisoner in forced labor groups (aka modern slavery). The writing is simple with idiomatic expressions, some of which I encountered for the first time. The story feels genuine and true and not extensively plotted. It's pretty easy to read and even in the most tedious moments, you don't know what comes next. Very nice work about the Greeks of Asia Minor who didn't make it to Greece and were left behind.
This is a combine of three books, so I've rated them individually as well.Total Khéops: ***Chourmo: ****Solea: ***I expected to like this book more, judging by how many friends with similar "literary" taste enjoyed it. It's very simple writing, and this is usually a good thing, but Izzo often leaves out details that are essential to the plot, only to add them later or not at all. Many important characters are not developed and become merely accessories to the plot. Speaking of plot, all three are quite basic. Chourmo seems better, but I never felt compelled to continue reading. The Marseille/Mediterranean Sea setting and the social/political/economical aspects of migration and crime (organized or not) were the strong points for me. Oh, and the music. There is a whole soundtrack in that book and it's really good if you love blues, soul, jazz and classic european songs of the latter half of the 20th century.
Solid book. I love the "whaler/arctic waters" theme, but other than that, not much into it. The writing is good and so is the plot for the biggest part of it, but it feels rushed a bit towards the ending. I would have enjoyed it more if it was a bit shorter and maybe more refined.
One of the best books I've ever read. Not sure about where it will end for me in the future, but I could name it the best one if you asked me right now.This is an ode to the people that make the world's gears turn. Not those that become famous for one reason or the other, but those who just live their lives without ever realising what they could have been — and they are OK with it. Some might say this story has no meaning. There is nothing great about it and this is what I think it makes it so beautiful. There are countless people who live around us and all over the world who come and go and nothing will be left to be remembered. Makes you think about yourself and your loved ones. Are we really living the lives we want and making the impact we'd like to make?
The whole of humanity's way of thinking in a small book. I can write much more about it, it has been analyzed again and again through all these years since its publication, but this says it all. A must-read and must-have book.
This is a brilliant plot. Unfortunately, its brilliance is revealed too late. Most of the book is dull and repetitive, with some nice plot twists that are never explained and let the reader think of the reasons why. The writing is kinda problematic, mainly due to its long paragraphs. I liked the story a lot, but I didn't enjoy it as much as I should.
This is a more enjoyable book than Modiano's previous novel, So You Don't Get Lost in the Neighborhood. It is shorter as well, which is good. Modiano does not care about plot fundamentals. He writes parts of stories in his own preferred order. This doesn't work for me and while Paris (and France) are a "can't miss" setting and the ever-present memory theme is appealing, I can't think of this book more than a casual reading. I probably need to read some of Modiano's older works, but I can tell he is not my type of writer.
It's not flawless, but it is a true classic. No ground-breaking plot here, even the twist is somewhat predictable and character development is pretty basic. However, Dickens' writing is seamless and fluid. The scenes alternate between London and Paris, two major cities of the era, each in totally opposite situations: the prosperous Georgian era and the years of the French Revolution and the Reign Of Terror. Dickens maintains a relatively objetive view, describing what took place through the adventures of his heroes, a peculiar group of somewhat romantic folks (despite their different backgrounds) in a cruel and dangerous surrounding.
I can confidently say Camus became a worse writer as the years went by. "The Fall" is as boring as they come and considering how short it is, this is a major achievement—in a bad way. Feeling uneasy about giving such a bad grade to such a respected story, I read other reviews to see what most people think and it's astonishingly surprising how many feel that this book is about them and about everyone. "The Fall" is about a cocky lawyer who thinks he is better than all because he does charity and helps people and yada yada yada, until he realizes what a piece of shit he is deep inside. He then remains a piece of shit of a man, but now he is in peace with that piece of shit (pun intended, I guess). How do people relate so much with that? Are they all fake or lost without a true idea or even belief about themselves? Anyone can definitely see refelctions of himself in the eternally slow and flat narration (with some very bright moments, I give you that) but still the protagonist feels so out of this world, much more than the one in "The Stranger", and ends up contradicting himself so many times. It tries to make sense of human nature, but it ends up making little sense overall. It's like a Dali painting made by someone with now talent is drawing and painting. This is a miss for a philosophical novel, if you get what I mean.
I picked this book up because the title grabbed my attention. And while it is about a shitty job and mundane everyday life, it felt lacking. I wanted to know more about the protagonist otherwise a lot of her words have no real meaning when it comes to the plot. Being highly allegorical is not an excuse for blank points in my opinion, not anymore.
An uncommon story with many things to consider in just a few pages. Brilliant, to say the least. It's philosophical, but that does not take anything away from the plot. The main character is an amalgam of apathy, social detachment and boldness who lives in the present with little interest in the past or the future. And when things go wrong and finds himself under trial, society makes him pay for who he is and not for what he's done. Is it because he was in thw wrong? Is it because people feel threatened by anyone who is different? Or because they like to abuse their power over others? And again, that's by just looking at the story from a wider point of view. Focusing on the protagonist, it's a whole new world of things to think about. As stated earlier, a brilliant book.
A solid collection of short stories about Bulgaria of the Cold War and post-communism era. From a very young age, balkan people learn to consider the other balkan people inferior but it's all a lie and an outcome of politics — politics that often come from outside the Balkan peninsula. As a Greek, "East of the West" showed to me exactly that. This is a great book for those who want to learn about Bulgaria from someone who lived there, even though Penkov does not aim to do that in a direct way.
I decided to pick this book up as an "in-between" reading among bigger, harder-to-read books. It served fine as that, but unfortunately it was clear (from the very first pages) it was not meant to be something greater. It's easy to read and fun at some times and that's all. It's not so much about London as it is about English people, their "do and don't" and frankly, it seems like a huge exaggeration. I've lived in London for some weeks and my brother lives there for years. We have a very different idea of what London and its citizens are than what this books describes. I won't take into account the author's beliefs and ideas, but even in that all seems like a huge mess which she attempts to argue for using some examples and ignoring the bigger picture. She even contradicts herself more than at once.I can see why some people like it, but for me it was not as well documented or as fun as it needed to be.
I read this a long time ago. I can't remeber the plot clearly or any of the numerous quotes. What I remember is being totally mesmerized by the story and the setting and totally dragged in the world of the Spanish Civil War. I am a "sucker" for Hemingway's writing and this is the first of his novels that I read. Was something left in my mind from For Whom The Bell Tolls? Of course, and that is that fighting the good fight does not always come with a happy ending, but it always comes with an ending you are in good terms with.
More often then not, I find myself wishing there was a 3.5 rating. Books like "Stay With Me" keep falling in my hands and seem too good for a 3-star rating, but don't match many 4-star books I've read. I went with 4 stars because this is a very good debut novel.I got this book because I wanted to read something about Africa. This takes place in Nigeria, and while we get to learn a lot about the "dos and don'ts" of nigerian society, the country and politics remain in the background. The protagonist is a woman but we get to see her husband's point of view in critical points of the plot. The story is original, mostly flat with some plot "bombs" thrown here and there. The main theme is not a particulat interest of mine. Marriage, love, family, lies, deceit and all the good intentions. However, Adebayo's writing made it enjoyable. There are also some secondary themes and things to learn and reflect upon. A good novel, but I don't see what all the fuss is about—maybe being a black female writer is enough to make some noise nowadays. Nonetheless, i am looking forward to reading her next book.
